Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 2 , Section 306 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 45 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster & more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in New York tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! 
Dear Decision maker ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
news . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 
, Title 5 , Section 301 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 80 days . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Kansas tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 9 
; Section 301 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 58 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you sell more plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Mississippi tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear E-Commerce professional , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 9 , Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 42 months ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Georgia tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Thanks ! Dear Friend , Especially for you 
- this hot news ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 3 , Section 303 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 45 months ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
process your orders within seconds & process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Vermont 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Web surfer , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 
4 , Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 72 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website and 
sell more ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Hawaii tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% . Cheers . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2216 ; Title 1 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 28 months . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE & sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Wisconsin tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman , Especially for you 
- this amazing announcement . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 1 , Section 303 . This is different than 
anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 98 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
& turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Ames who resides in Nevada tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . Best regards . Dear Salaryman 
; Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 , Title 8 ; Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 65 days . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 170% & process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones 
who resides in California tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% 
. Warmest regards ! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our directory ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , Title 1 , Section 
303 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 54 months 
. Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines plus people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 120% plus process your orders within 
seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
of Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Best regards ! Dear 
Decision maker ; Especially for you - this amazing 
news . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
, Title 3 ; Section 306 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 56 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds plus SELL 
MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of Hawaii tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our briefing . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 3 , Section 303 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 29 MONTHS ! 
Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 120% 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones 
of Oregon tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! For the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Best regards 
. Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this red-hot 
intelligence . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 56 months ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you 
- this cutting-edge intelligence . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 3 , Section 304 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 45 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and process your 
orders within seconds . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of Florida tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! Don't delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
! God Bless . Dear Sir or Madam , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 2 ; Section 
304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 44 months 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
& people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 100% and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
of Arizona tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! You have 
no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 , Title 2 ; Section 306 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 72 DAYS 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of California tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . 
Dear Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot news . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 3 , Section 
309 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 96 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & use credit cards on your website . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who 
resides in Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . Don't delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Thanks . Dear Business person , Especially 
for you - this red-hot info ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 9 , Section 301 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 44 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of Alaska 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear E-Commerce 
professional , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 , Title 1 , Section 306 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 42 WEEKS ! Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash & people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you increase customer response by 180% plus process 
your orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Jones who resides in Nevada tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . God Bless 
. Dear Friend , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 6 , Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 19 
MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website and sell 
more ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 8 
; Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 56 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Anderson who resides in California tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! Do not delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Thanks . Dear Decision maker , We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing announcement ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 2 ; Section 
304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
40 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website plus SELL 
MORE . The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames of Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Web surfer ; Especially 
for you - this amazing news ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 4 , Section 302 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 98 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you increase customer response by 140% 
and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames of West Virginia 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! For 
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Professional , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 6 ; Section 
309 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
52 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 170% & process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . God Bless . Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge info . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 9 ; Section 309 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
71 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website and process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Anderson 
who resides in Louisiana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . 
We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Cheers . Dear Colleague ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 7 , Section 303 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 52 months . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
SELL MORE and SELL MORE ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in 
Kansas tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! So 
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks 
. Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter ! We will comply with all removal requests . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 , Title 6 , Section 301 ! This is different than 
anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 96 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website plus turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
of Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks . Dear Decision maker ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 6 , Section 305 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 37 
weeks . Have you ever noticed how many people you know 
are on the Internet and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 160% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Nevada tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thanks . Dear Friend ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 1 ; Section 307 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 91 months ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience plus most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE & sell more ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Jones of Idaho tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws ! We urge 
you to contact us today for your own future financial 
well-being ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! God Bless ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
cutting-edge news . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 2 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 47 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
increase customer response by 110% and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones who resides in Minnesota tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . We implore you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Business person , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 , Title 5 , Section 306 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
26 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and process your orders within 
seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Indiana tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . So 
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Internet user ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 9 , Section 305 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 19 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you use credit cards on your website plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Maine tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers ! 
Dear Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge news . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 44 months ! Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web & most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE & process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Nevada tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers . 
Dear Friend , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 2 , Section 305 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 63 days 
. Have you ever noticed people love convenience & society 
seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
use credit cards on your website plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones who 
resides in Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . 
Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this hot announcement 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 2 ; Section 304 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 74 
months . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone and more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson who resides in Delaware tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! For God's 
sake, order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% ! Thanks . Dear Web surfer ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge news ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 ; Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 35 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
who resides in Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . 
Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 309 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 43 days . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and how many 
people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
increase customer response by 100% and use credit cards 
on your website ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of North 
Dakota tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been 
rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Warmest regards . Dear Decision 
maker ; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot 
intelligence . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 4 ; Section 303 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 42 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you use credit cards on your website and 
increase customer response by 130% ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of New Jersey 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal ! We urge you to contact 
us today for your own future financial well-being ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . 
Thanks . Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 5 ; Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 22 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 170% ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Cheers . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our briefing ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1627 , Title 3 ; Section 306 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 74 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website and 
process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Prof Anderson of Wisconsin tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . Do 
not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Business person , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 3 ; Section 308 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 20 days . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of 
Kentucky tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal 
! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 90% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Internet user ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 ; Section 306 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 38 
days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you SELL MORE and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who 
resides in South Dakota tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 2 ; Section 
304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 61 DAYS ! 
Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 200% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson of Rhode Island tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! DO 
NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 2 , Section 
309 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 99 
weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and increase customer response 
by 150% . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Anderson of Missouri tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We 
are a BBB member in good standing . For God's sake, 
order now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thanks . Dear Professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 ; Title 4 ; Section 304 . This is not a get rich 
scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 40 days ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and people are much more likely to BUY with a 
credit card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you sell more and 
process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones who resides in Wyoming tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . We IMPLORE you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Warmest regards . Dear Friend , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
, Title 2 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 53 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills plus nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 100% and increase customer response by 
140% . The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames of Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Internet user ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 3 , Section 
302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
99 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 140% and increase customer response by 200% . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides in Delaware 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Sir 
or Madam , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 6 , Section 305 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 35 weeks . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience & people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL MORE 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Prof Ames of Maine tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers 
. Dear Internet user , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our letter 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 4 ; Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 34 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash & how many people you know 
are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 130% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who 
resides in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 90% . God Bless ! Dear Decision 
maker ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 5 ; Section 302 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 11 days ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
plus use credit cards on your website . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames of West Virginia tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! We urge you to contact us today 
for your own future financial well-being . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! God Bless 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 1 ; Section 307 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 59 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process 
your orders within seconds & deliver goods right to 
the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mr Anderson who resides in California tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this cutting-edge news ! We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 
1 ; Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 56 months . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% & decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% ! The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames who resides in Hawaii tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thanks . Dear Sir 
or Madam ; You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our directory ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 , Title 5 , Section 305 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 30 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson of Delaware tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Thanks 
. Dear Colleague ; Especially for you - this amazing 
information . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 9 ; Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 37 days ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Prof 
Ames who resides in Arkansas tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this hot information 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 
3 , Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 50 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and how many people you 
know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames of Kansas tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing . We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - 
this amazing announcement ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 , Title 9 ; Section 304 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 97 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster plus nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 120% & process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Arkansas tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 6 ; Section 305 ! This is 
not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 98 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames 
of Texas tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states . For the sake of your family order now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 61 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We implore you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Business person ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 6 ; Section 304 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 80 
days . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster & people love convenience ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and increase customer response by 150% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Jones of Washington tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks 
! Dear Cybercitizen , Thank-you for your interest in 
our letter ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 4 ; Section 301 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 23 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and society seems to be moving 
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Georgia tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! For God's sake, 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 4 ; Section 301 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 22 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 130% plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! For God's sake, 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . Best regards ! Dear Sir or Madam , We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 
; Title 3 , Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 85 days . Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of Connecticut tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! You have no reason 
not to act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 10% . Best regards ! Dear Friend , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 , Section 
309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
51 months ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Wisconsin 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing . We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 5 , Section 
306 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 35 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and use credit cards 
on your website ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Rhode Island tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . If not for you then for your loved ones 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend , We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 51 WEEKS . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster plus nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Missouri tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO NOT 
DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 60% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Friend , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 , Title 5 , Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 99 days ! Have you ever 
noticed nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it & more people than ever are surfing the 
web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you sell more plus process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% 
. Cheers ! Dear Web surfer , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge info . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 1 ; Section 309 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 72 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed how many people you know 
are on the Internet and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who 
resides in Michigan tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . For God's sake, order 
now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Best 
regards ! Dear Friend ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our database ! We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 5 , Section 
308 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 11 days . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
increase customer response by 130% and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Florida tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Internet 
user ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 
; Title 1 , Section 301 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 61 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Wyoming tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! We implore you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks ! 
Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 3 ; Section 305 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 75 days ! Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 140% and SELL 
MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Hawaii tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! Do not delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% ! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 1 ; Section 
306 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 45 days 
! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus process 
your orders within seconds . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames who resides in Minnesota tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% ! Best regards ! Dear Colleague 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 
9 , Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 56 months . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and society seems to be moving 
faster and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of Alabama 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . For 
the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . God Bless . Dear Salaryman , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 7 ; Section 301 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
56 days . Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus people love convenience ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you increase customer response by 140% and 
increase customer response by 110% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Jones who resides in West Virginia tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Warmest regards 
! Dear Colleague ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , Title 3 
; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 71 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and how many people you know are on 
the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 190% and process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson of Maryland tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thanks ! 
Dear Professional , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our club . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 1 ; Section 306 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 97 MONTHS . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Simpson of Massachusetts tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Colleague ; We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing news ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 ; Section 
302 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 56 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Jones who resides in Colorado tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! This 
offer is 100% legal . For the sake of your family order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this hot intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 8 
; Section 309 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 59 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 120% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Salaryman , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 7 , Section 
307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 45 WEEKS 
. Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines plus nobody is getting any younger ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you use credit cards on your website and 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Ms Ames of Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! God Bless ! Dear Business person ; Especially for 
you - this red-hot news ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2516 , Title 9 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 83 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and SELL MORE 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
of Maryland tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . God Bless 
. Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this amazing news 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 2 
; Section 309 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 62 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Mr Jones who resides in Texas tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our club ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 8 , Section 303 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 53 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and increase customer 
response by 140% ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Salaryman 
, We know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 6 
; Section 307 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 76 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet plus most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus decrease perceived waiting 
time by 180% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Texas tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Friend , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our publication . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 , Title 4 , Section 304 . This is 
different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 26 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 170% and use credit cards on your website ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Salaryman ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our database 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , 
Title 2 ; Section 309 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 28 days . Have you ever noticed society seems to 
be moving faster and faster and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you use credit cards 
on your website & process your orders within seconds 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who resides in Illinois 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! 
We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% ! Thanks ! Dear Business person 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 1 , Section 
301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 32 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you use credit 
cards on your website and use credit cards on your 
website ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Nebraska tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 2 , Section 
301 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
59 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed how many people you 
know are on the Internet plus more people than ever 
are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of 
Wisconsin tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
! Cheers . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 ; Section 306 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 66 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents & people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and sell more ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are a BBB member in good standing . 
We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Business person ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our briefing ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 , Title 1 ; Section 304 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 48 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & decrease perceived waiting time by 190% ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of Illinois tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . Don't delay - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% . God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 ; Title 7 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 55 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who 
resides in Delaware tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 
100% legal . If not for you then for your LOVED ONES 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 4 ; Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 89 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% plus sell more . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Anderson of Oklahoma tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! Thanks . Dear Friend ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list ! This is a 
one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 2 , Section 
308 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 37 DAYS 
. Have you ever noticed people love convenience and 
how many people you know are on the Internet . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 170% & 
process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Simpson of Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must hurry . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; 
Title 2 , Section 302 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 51 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 100% & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Illinois tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . DO NOT DELAY - order 
today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . God Bless . Dear Web surfer , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 
; Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 19 weeks . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 100% and decrease perceived waiting time by 110% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames of Wyoming tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are a BBB member in good standing ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% . Cheers ! Dear Salaryman , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 6 
, Section 306 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 82 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus how many people you know are on the 
Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on your website ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Kansas tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our publication ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 9 
; Section 303 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 97 months . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience & more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU increase customer response by 160% 
& sell more . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
who resides in Georgia tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! God 
Bless ! Dear Sir or Madam ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our newsletter ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , 
Title 8 , Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 26 days ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & society 
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
SELL MORE and increase customer response by 150% . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then 
for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 90% ! Warmest regards . Dear 
Colleague , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our club ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; 
Title 8 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 56 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash plus 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
who resides in Vermont tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thanks ! Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; 
Title 5 , Section 307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 10 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash plus 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you use credit cards on your website & process your 
orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who 
resides in Georgia tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . You have no reason not to 
act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . Best regards ! Dear Colleague ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot news . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1620 , Title 4 , Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 95 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU sell more & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Mississippi tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks 
! Dear Colleague ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication ! 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 5 
; Section 302 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 23 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in Vermont 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal . We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our briefing . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 7 ; Section 304 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 20 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Prof Jones who resides in Wyoming tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Cheers 
. Dear Web surfer ; Especially for you - this red-hot 
news . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 6 , Section 
301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 63 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger & nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and use credit cards on your website . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Simpson of Massachusetts tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! This 
offer is 100% legal . You have no reason not to act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks 
! Dear E-Commerce professional , Especially for you 
- this breath-taking information . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 4 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 67 days . Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase 
customer response by 150% plus process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who resides 
in South Carolina tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . This offer is 100% legal 
. For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless 
. Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 ; Title 9 , Section 305 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 96 MONTHS ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds & sell 
more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Hawaii tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . This is a one time mailing there is no 
need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 , Title 3 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 60 months . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
who resides in California tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! For 
God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . Warmest regards . Dear Colleague 
; Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter . We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 
2 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 53 DAYS . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 170% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of Wyoming tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Do not delay - order 
today . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Sir or Madam , Especially for you - this 
cutting-edge info ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 6 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 44 days ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time 
by 130% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 140% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Jones who resides in North Carolina 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you 
then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our directory . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 8 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 60 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines plus people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Connecticut 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! We urge you to contact 
us today for your own future financial well-being ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . 
God Bless . Dear Decision maker ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 1 ; Section 
303 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 84 weeks . Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . Dear Friend 
, Thank-you for your interest in our letter ! If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 5 
, Section 302 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 62 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more & SELL MORE . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones who resides in North Dakota tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! For the sake of your family order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Business person , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our briefing 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 3 , Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 36 WEEKS ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 140% and use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Nebraska 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear Internet user ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 8 , Section 306 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 21 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience plus nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Indiana tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must hurry . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Web surfer ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 5 , Section 304 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 64 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 
120% and sell more . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who 
resides in California tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Internet user , Thank-you 
for your interest in our newsletter . We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 6 ; Section 
303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 52 
WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
plus increase customer response by 170% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Missouri tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 7 ; Section 
304 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
47 days . Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills & more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Anderson of Wisconsin tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . You have no reason not to act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% ! Cheers . Dear Web surfer , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot announcement . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 2 
, Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 48 months . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Oregon tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Cheers ! Dear Friend , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our briefing ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 4 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 10 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides in New Hampshire 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this amazing 
announcement ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 2 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 47 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Cheers ! Dear Decision 
maker ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 7 ; Section 
301 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
86 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 120% ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of Florida tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . We 
implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Decision maker , Especially for 
you - this red-hot announcement . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 ; Section 301 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 46 days ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds plus use 
credit cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
of Oregon tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 2 
; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
46 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson of Maine tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer 
is 100% legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Best regards ! Dear Sir or Madam ; We know 
you are interested in receiving amazing announcement 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; 
Title 3 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 26 days ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames who resides 
in Kansas tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% ! Cheers ! Dear Colleague 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 6 ; Section 301 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 79 months ! Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 200% and process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Indiana tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! God Bless . Dear Professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 6 ; Section 307 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 54 MONTHS ! Have 
you ever noticed people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE & decrease perceived waiting time 
by 200% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson 
of Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 20% . Warmest regards . Dear 
Salaryman , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our mailing list . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 ; Title 9 ; Section 306 . This is 
a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 81 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and how many people you know are 
on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE plus use credit 
cards on your website . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in Illinois tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Warmest regards ! Dear Friend , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 4 ; Section 
304 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
75 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone & more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides 
in Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you 
- this red-hot news . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 ; Title 6 , Section 307 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 53 days . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & how many 
people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep plus 
increase customer response by 200% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson of Alabama tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 4 , Section 
308 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 75 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% & use credit 
cards on your website . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Jones of Illinois tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Internet user ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking intelligence ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , Title 1 
; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 41 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and use credit cards on your website . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Ms Simpson of Arkansas tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
, Especially for you - this red-hot info ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 4 
; Section 304 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 36 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 200% . You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Indiana 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing . If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Cheers 
! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 2 ; Section 307 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 59 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience & people love convenience . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 150% 
and sell more . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Kentucky tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 1 
; Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 43 days ! Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills plus 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Florida tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . God Bless ! Dear 
Professional , Especially for you - this breath-taking 
intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 5 ; Section 305 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 69 days ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Illinois 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Thanks ! Dear Professional ; We know you 
are interested in receiving amazing announcement ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 2 
; Section 303 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 70 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 110% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Montana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Do not delay - order today ! 
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! 
Warmest regards . Dear Decision maker ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 , Title 7 , Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 88 months ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 130% . You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Georgia tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 ; Title 9 , Section 306 . This is not a get rich 
scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 44 months ! Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents and how 
many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and increase customer response by 200% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Simpson who resides in Connecticut tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Salaryman , We know you are interested 
in receiving breath-taking announcement . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 2 , Section 
303 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
78 days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website plus sell more ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson who resides in Louisiana tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! This offer is 100% legal . We beseech you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . 
Dear E-Commerce professional , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2616 ; Title 9 ; Section 302 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 17 days ! Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & use credit 
cards on your website . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Texas tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . Cheers ! Dear Friend ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 , Section 
301 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 25 WEEKS 
. Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you increase customer response by 190% & use credit 
cards on your website ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Wisconsin tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! You have no reason not to act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
20% ! Thanks . Dear Business person ; Especially for 
you - this red-hot intelligence . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 6 ; Section 303 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 19 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience and more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 170% and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Idaho tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! Cheers 
! Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 6 ; Section 307 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 45 WEEKS . Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 120% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in California tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Warmest regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
club . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
; Title 3 , Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 65 weeks . Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web and how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS plus sell more . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Jones who resides in Virginia tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . We IMPLORE you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Internet user , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 ; Title 1 ; Section 303 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 10 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 130% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Tennessee tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving amazing announcement 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 7 ; Section 301 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 55 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease 
perceived waiting time by 160% plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
of Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 , Title 7 
, Section 305 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 61 days ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Pennsylvania tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . You have no reason not to 
act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 5 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 98 days ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash plus 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you use credit cards on your website plus use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames who 
resides in California tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! 
Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 
2 ; Section 309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 83 days ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster plus nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Wyoming tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our letter . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1623 ; Title 8 , Section 305 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 64 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 120% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
who resides in Alabama tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . For the sake 
of your family order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Best regards . Dear Sir or 
Madam ; Thank-you for your interest in our letter . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 9 
, Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 36 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you use credit cards on your website 
plus use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! For God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 2 , Section 307 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 35 months . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
190% plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides 
in Georgia tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thanks ! 
Dear Professional ; We know you are interested in receiving 
breath-taking information ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 5 , Section 306 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 97 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
& people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and increase customer response by 200% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in Connecticut 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . For God's sake, order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Best 
regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - 
this amazing information ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2316 , Title 5 , Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 34 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you use credit cards on your website 
and increase customer response by 160% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Jones of Washington tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . We implore you - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
90% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this hot 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 5 , Section 304 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 59 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Hawaii 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Cheers 
. Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 2 ; Section 
302 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 57 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus process your 
orders within seconds . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of Indiana tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ; You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
club . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 3 ; Section 
304 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 82 days . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
use credit cards on your website & decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Wisconsin 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers 
. Dear Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 2 
, Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 31 days . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Mr Anderson who resides in Oklahoma tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% 
legal . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear Friend 
, Thank-you for your interest in our briefing . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , Title 7 
; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
83 months . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of Texas 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman ; We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge info . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , 
Title 2 ; Section 302 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 67 months . Have you ever 
noticed nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it plus the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & decrease perceived waiting time by 160% ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in 
New Jersey tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Best regards . Dear Web surfer , We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence ! 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , 
Title 5 , Section 306 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 96 days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents & people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 150% and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! If not for you then for your loved ones 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this amazing 
news . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9 , Section 
304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 19 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents plus society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you increase 
customer response by 170% and sell more . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Anderson who resides in Illinois tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are licensed to operate in all states ! For God's 
sake, order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 30% ! Best regards . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 1 , Section 305 . This is not a get rich 
scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 22 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides 
in Colorado tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear Decision maker 
, Thank-you for your interest in our publication . 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 3 ; Section 307 . This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 11 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU sell more plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Texas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
! Cheers ! Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this 
red-hot news ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 , Section 
301 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 70 DAYS 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it & people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
and process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides 
in Colorado tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 ; Title 9 ; Section 308 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 46 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills plus most everyone has a 
cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames 
who resides in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Colleague ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our letter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1621 , Title 9 , Section 304 ! This is different than 
anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 17 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Delaware 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Thanks . Dear Decision maker 
, Thank-you for your interest in our letter ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 ; Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 23 days . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 200% 
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides 
in Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot announcement ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 5 
; Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 44 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and 
decrease perceived waiting time by 140% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Prof Anderson of Pennsylvania tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We urge you to contact us 
today for your own future financial well-being . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks 
. Dear Colleague ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 2 ; Section 
307 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 10 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE ! 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
of New Mexico tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . This offer is 100% legal 
. Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry . Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! God Bless . Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our letter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 ; Section 
307 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 69 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone plus how many people you know are on the 
Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & SELL MORE . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Jones who resides in South Carolina 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Cheers . Dear Decision maker ; Especially 
for you - this hot intelligence . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 7 , Section 305 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 55 
days . Have you ever noticed how many people you know 
are on the Internet and nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you use 
credit cards on your website and process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides 
in Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 20% . Thanks . Dear Web surfer 
, Thank-you for your interest in our letter . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 4 
; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
21 days . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines & how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% & sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Anderson who resides in Wyoming tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Web 
surfer ; We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 3 , Section 
307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 54 days 
. Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Simpson who resides in Indiana tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Don't delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thanks . Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 3 ; Section 
303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 47 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet plus how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Simpson of Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend 
, We know you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 6 
, Section 307 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 74 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
plus most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Florida 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% . Cheers . Dear Friend , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 4 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 97 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience plus most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Michigan tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2316 , Title 7 ; Section 307 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 10 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% plus SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of 
Minnesota tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal 
. So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers ! 
Dear E-Commerce professional , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 3 , Section 309 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 28 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and decrease perceived waiting time by 190% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides in Virginia 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! We urge 
you to contact us today for your own future financial 
well-being . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% ! Thanks . Dear Colleague , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our database . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 4 ; Section 
307 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 48 days 
! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Jones who resides in Florida tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Thanks ! Dear Professional , Especially for you - 
this red-hot news ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 3 , Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 97 months . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% & increase customer 
response by 150% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Thanks 
. Dear Colleague , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , 
Title 7 ; Section 307 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 48 days . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% and process your orders within seconds ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson of Illinois tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . For the sake of 
your family order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 7 , Section 304 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 98 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Arizona tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear E-Commerce professional ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge info ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 ; Title 3 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 94 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS & use credit cards 
on your website ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Jones of Missouri tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% . Best regards . Dear Friend 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 3 ; Section 
309 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 39 days . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 170% & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Prof Ames of Arizona tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear E-Commerce professional , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 7 , Section 
307 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 38 
weeks . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU sell more & use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Rhode Island tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2216 ; Title 9 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 70 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
sell more plus SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Prof Simpson of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear E-Commerce professional ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 6 ; Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich inside 89 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% & increase customer response by 180% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson of Florida tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Web surfer , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 6 , Section 
305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 62 
DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger and how many people you know are on the Internet 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
increase customer response by 170% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Jones of Indiana tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Warmest regards . Dear Business person ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 
, Title 4 , Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 89 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it plus society seems to be moving faster and faster 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU sell more and increase customer response 
by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Ms Jones of Utah tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! 
Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Colleague 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 4 , Section 301 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 62 months . Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster plus nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & SELL MORE . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Mrs Anderson who resides in North Dakota tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks . Dear Business 
person ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 
3 , Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
67 months . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 170% 
and sell more . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides 
in Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . Don't delay - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too . Warmest regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; We know 
you are interested in receiving amazing information 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 9 
; Section 306 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 11 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you sell more and 
SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Arizona tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
. Warmest regards ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; 
Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 9 
, Section 308 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 58 weeks ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster & how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website plus sell more . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson of North Carolina tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% ! Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman , Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge announcement ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 ; Title 7 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 88 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Anderson who resides in Pennsylvania tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws . If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Warmest 
regards ! Dear Decision maker ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 3 ; Section 308 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 80 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 160% and increase customer response by 200% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Cheers . Dear Colleague 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 
, Title 8 ; Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 37 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
200% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Illinois tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest in our 
newsletter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 ; Section 
302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 49 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster plus people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
increase customer response by 170% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones of Oklahoma tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. God Bless ! Dear Internet user ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 9 ; Section 
306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 60 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Utah 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen , 
Especially for you - this red-hot announcement . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 4 ; Section 309 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 17 MONTHS 
! Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet & more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & use credit cards on your website . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Simpson of Georgia tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! Do not go to sleep without 
ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Best regards . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 2 , Section 
308 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 53 
MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & how many people 
you know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in California tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Business person , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , Title 4 , Section 
305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 34 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Alabama tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now . 
Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless . 
Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 1 
; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 25 days ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 130% and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Jones 
who resides in North Dakota tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
. We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, We know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
; Title 4 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 57 days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents & people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE plus use credit cards on 
your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Wyoming 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO 
NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 80% ! God Bless ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 , Title 6 , Section 307 ! This is 
not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 74 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE and SELL MORE 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
who resides in Colorado tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must hurry . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Thanks . Dear Sir 
or Madam , We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing announcement ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1816 , Title 1 , Section 301 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 22 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills plus people love convenience . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones who resides 
in Texas tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thanks ! Dear Business 
person ; Especially for you - this hot information 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 5 , Section 309 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 15 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and people love convenience ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you process 
your orders within seconds plus deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson of Rhode Island 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal . We urge you to contact 
us today for your own future financial well-being ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . 
Thanks . Dear Decision maker , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
letter . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 
; Title 5 ; Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 98 months ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS & use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Georgia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This 
offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% ! Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
information ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 ; Title 6 ; Section 306 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 79 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you SELL MORE plus sell more . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Ames who resides in Colorado tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Thanks 
! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
news . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 
, Title 6 ; Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 32 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website plus 
decrease perceived waiting time by 200% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Simpson of New Mexico tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen , You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
mailing list ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 1 , Section 
304 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 35 
WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Jones of Connecticut tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks ! 
Dear Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 1 ; Section 308 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 47 months . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& sell more . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Jones who resides in Hawaii tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving red-hot news 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 
, Title 4 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich inside 94 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
& sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson of North 
Carolina tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. God Bless . Dear Colleague , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
publication ! This is a one time mailing there is no 
need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 5 ; Section 303 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 14 DAYS ! Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds & process your orders within seconds . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides in New 
York tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! Do not go to sleep without ordering ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . 
Warmest regards . Dear Colleague ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our publication . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 2 ; Section 303 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 22 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed people love convenience & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more plus SELL MORE ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of 
Alabama tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this hot information . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 3 , Section 
309 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 81 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
; You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our club ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 1 , Section 
302 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 95 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames of Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Business person 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 8 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 10 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting time by 190% 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in North Dakota tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are a 
BBB member in good standing ! Do not delay - order 
today . Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Decision maker ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our directory . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 4 , Section 303 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 69 
MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who 
resides in Kentucky tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! For the sake of your family order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
20% . Cheers . Dear Professional , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 7 ; Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 10 
days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Anderson who resides in North Carolina tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! You 
have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Business person ; 
Especially for you - this breath-taking intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 6 
, Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
96 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone plus how many people you know are on the 
Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more & use credit cards 
on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Indiana 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We urge you to contact us today for your own future 
financial well-being ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam 
; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 
2 , Section 305 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 96 days ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames of Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . 
DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Thanks . Dear Business person 
, Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 
5 ; Section 304 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 16 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson of Georgia tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
! Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this red-hot 
information . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 4 ; Section 
301 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 35 
days . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines and people love convenience . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We 
will help you SELL MORE plus decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Prof 
Anderson of Maine tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . If not for you then for your loved ones 
- act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Cheers . Dear Business person , Thank-you 
for your interest in our publication . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 2 ; Section 
303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 22 
days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger and people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you increase customer 
response by 100% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Connecticut 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states . We 
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Professional , We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge announcement ! 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 6 
; Section 305 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 36 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience & most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 120% 
plus increase customer response by 110% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Anderson who resides in Ohio tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Cheers . Dear Colleague , Thank-you for your interest 
in our newsletter . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 3 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 71 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 200% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of 
Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Best regards ! Dear Friend , We know 
you are interested in receiving cutting-edge info . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 6 
, Section 308 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
36 days . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you use 
credit cards on your website and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames of Massachusetts tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Don't delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 2 , Section 305 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 71 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web plus how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you increase customer response by 150% and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Ms Jones of Ohio tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We urge you to contact us 
today for your own future financial well-being ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Warmest 
regards . Dear Colleague , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 , Title 9 ; Section 301 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 62 days . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE & process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! If not 
for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thanks 
. Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this hot information 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; 
Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 39 months . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster plus people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you sell more & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Jones of Louisiana tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thanks . Dear E-Commerce professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 
; Title 1 , Section 302 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 60 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash plus people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and SELL MORE . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Prof Ames of New Hampshire tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We 
are a BBB member in good standing ! If not for you 
then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Salaryman 
, We know you are interested in receiving amazing info 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 
, Title 5 , Section 305 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 74 months . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 200% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames of Alaska tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Colleague ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 6 , Section 308 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 11 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
& most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Ames of Florida tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! Do not delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! God Bless 
. Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 6 ; Section 308 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 76 days . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
190% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Illinois 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing info ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 1 , Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 47 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds plus increase customer response by 150% . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Massachusetts tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states . 
We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! God Bless . Dear Sir or Madam 
, Especially for you - this breath-taking intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , Title 9 
, Section 305 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 11 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 150% & process your orders within seconds ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in 
Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! For God's 
sake, order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off . Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our letter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 5 , Section 
301 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 52 days 
. Have you ever noticed people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
use credit cards on your website & sell more ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in 
Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 , Title 9 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 14 months ! Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
& people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and increase customer response by 140% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Anderson of Connecticut tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thanks ! Dear Business 
person ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 
, Title 1 , Section 307 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 57 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 130% 
plus use credit cards on your website . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Simpson of New Mexico tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! We implore you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Internet user ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 , Title 6 , Section 306 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 66 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents & society seems to be moving faster and 
faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on your website ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This 
offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards . Dear 
Web surfer , Especially for you - this red-hot announcement 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 5 
, Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 19 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE and process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in Wyoming 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Cheers ! Dear Friend , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 4 ; Section 
303 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 65 
days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus how many people 
you know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Delaware 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! 
Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam 
, Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 
4 ; Section 303 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 34 days . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience plus society seems to be moving 
faster and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames of Kansas tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! 
You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 6 ; Section 309 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 31 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS plus sell more . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
of Delaware tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
E-Commerce professional , Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 , Title 6 ; Section 308 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 49 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Prof Anderson who resides in Kentucky tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . Do 
not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Cheers . Dear Salaryman , You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
mailing list . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 3 ; Section 
302 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 68 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in Texas tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Sir or Madam , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 5 ; Section 304 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 40 
WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
plus increase customer response by 110% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in Wisconsin 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thanks 
! Dear E-Commerce professional , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our club . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 5 
, Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 97 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it plus people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Arkansas tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
; Title 3 ; Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 34 days ! Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web & people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more & increase customer 
response by 120% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in Arkansas tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thanks 
! Dear Web surfer ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 1 ; Section 308 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 81 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger plus the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
200% and process your orders within seconds . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Ames who resides in Kentucky tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must make a commitment 
soon ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% ! Warmest regards . Dear Decision maker ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot news ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 ; Title 8 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 83 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone & nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who 
resides in Illinois tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Warmest regards . Dear Friend , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge news . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 1 , Section 309 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 10 DAYS . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and increase 
customer response by 140% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of 
Massachusetts tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! For God's sake, order now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks 
! Dear Internet user ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 2 ; Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 56 days . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% plus 
use credit cards on your website . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in 
Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% ! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for 
you - this breath-taking intelligence ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 3 ; Section 
301 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 38 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus 
increase customer response by 190% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Rhode Island tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! Don't delay - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer ! Dear Friend , We know you are interested in 
receiving cutting-edge info . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1627 ; Title 3 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 76 WEEKS ! Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We implore you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards ! Dear 
Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 
, Title 7 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 47 weeks . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and sell more ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Simpson of Idaho tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% . Thanks . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 ; Title 3 ; Section 309 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 11 days ! Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and increase customer response 
by 100% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Wyoming tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This 
offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our newsletter . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 8 ; Section 305 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 47 days ! Have 
you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents plus how many people you know are 
on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Simpson who resides in Mississippi tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
We are a BBB member in good standing . We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Best regards . Dear Web surfer ; Especially for you 
- this hot intelligence . If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1916 ; Title 2 ; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 68 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mrs Jones of Rhode Island tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must act now . Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Warmest regards ! Dear Salaryman , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our newsletter ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , 
Title 1 ; Section 301 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 47 days ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
& process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Ms Simpson who resides in Utah tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our club . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 2 
, Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 89 months . Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus SELL MORE . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of Ohio tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing . We beseech you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% 
! God Bless . Dear Business person ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 1 ; Section 302 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 31 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you decrease perceived waiting time by 160% plus turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Anderson of Idaho tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! You have no 
reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Colleague , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 9 ; Section 
304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 50 weeks . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines and nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Ames who resides in Virginia tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer 
is 100% legal . So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you 
- this red-hot info . If you are not interested in 
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; 
Title 2 ; Section 304 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 85 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and use credit cards 
on your website . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of South Carolina tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Don't delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . 
Dear Business person , Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 8 , Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 72 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web & 
people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell more 
plus increase customer response by 120% ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Connecticut 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . You have 
no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 
, Section 306 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 86 days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and process your orders within seconds 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! You will blame yourself forever if you 
don't order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam ; Especially for you 
- this hot intelligence . If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 , Section 306 ! This is 
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 21 days . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on your website 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Alaska 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% ! Best regards ! Dear Professional 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 6 , Section 302 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 29 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus sell more 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Rhode Island tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Don't delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for 
you - this red-hot news ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 , Title 3 , Section 309 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 48 days . Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Thanks . Dear Friend , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our letter . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2516 ; Title 7 ; Section 303 ! This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 75 months . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web & 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson of Illinois tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 1 
, Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 51 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
process your orders within seconds plus increase customer 
response by 190% . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Montana tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thanks . Dear Business person , Especially for you 
- this red-hot announcement . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 8 ; Section 306 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 75 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 70% . Best regards . Dear E-Commerce 
professional ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 , Title 1 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 37 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU increase customer response by 150% and increase 
customer response by 160% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
who resides in West Virginia tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states ! If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this amazing announcement 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 5 ; Section 308 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 19 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
170% & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Oklahoma tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
50% ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our briefing ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 ; Section 304 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 60 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell 
more plus increase customer response by 160% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson of Idaho tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . For the sake of your family order now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! 
Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 6 ; Section 303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 34 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & how many people you know are on the Internet 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& increase customer response by 100% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Jones who resides in Hawaii tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Thanks 
. Dear Colleague ; We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing announcement . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 6 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 50 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
decrease perceived waiting time by 140% & process your 
orders within seconds ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Ames of Maine tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states ! Don't delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Best regards . Dear Friend , Thank-you 
for your interest in our publication ! This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 9 ; Section 
306 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 40 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you use 
credit cards on your website & process your orders 
within seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Missouri tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! 
For the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear 
Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this hot information 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 9 
, Section 307 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 80 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & how many 
people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
sell more and sell more . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames who resides in Wyoming tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 4 ; Section 306 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 10 months . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell more 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Florida tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! God Bless . Dear Friend ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our newsletter . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 2 , Section 309 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 99 days ! Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & process your orders within seconds 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Internet user ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 ; Title 3 ; Section 309 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 22 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web plus more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
SELL MORE plus increase customer response by 200% ! 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in North Dakota tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman ; Especially for you - this hot info ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 4 ; Section 
305 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 55 
days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones 
of Wisconsin tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Warmest regards . Dear Business person ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 3 , Section 301 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
73 days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides 
in North Dakota tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . We urge you to contact us today 
for your own future financial well-being . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 3 ; Section 
305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 72 
MONTHS . Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
sell more & sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Best regards . Dear Sir or 
Madam , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! We will comply with all removal requests ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2616 , Title 1 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 88 months ! Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and use credit cards on your website ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . Do not go 
to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear Salaryman , Especially 
for you - this hot news . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 , Title 3 , Section 302 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 28 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 110% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in New York 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 ; Title 3 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 56 days ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it plus people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 120% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides in New York 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Best regards ! Dear Colleague , We know 
you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; 
Title 2 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 93 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and sell more ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Anderson 
of Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Decision maker , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 6 ; Section 306 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
73 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 100% & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides 
in Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Sir or 
Madam ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 
, Title 8 ; Section 306 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you SELL MORE & use 
credit cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Anderson 
who resides in Minnesota tried us and says "I've been 
poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . Do 
not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . God Bless . Dear Friend , Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , Title 6 
, Section 302 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 57 weeks . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who 
resides in North Carolina tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Business person , Especially for you 
- this amazing info ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 9 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 40 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 110% plus deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Maryland 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! For 
God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! God Bless . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our directory ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 1 , Section 
301 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 61 days . Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Simpson of New York tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 20% . Thanks ! Dear Colleague , Thank-you 
for your interest in our briefing ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 5 
; Section 305 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 32 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU increase customer response by 100% and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thanks . Dear Professional , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; 
Title 8 ; Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 48 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet plus most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% and sell more . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames who resides in Missouri tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . If 
not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Best 
regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our club . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 5 ; Section 301 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 40 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash and nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE and sell more ! You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Arkansas tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! For God's sake, order now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% 
. Cheers . Dear Friend , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 9 , Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 51 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash & people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and sell more . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Ms Jones who resides in Alaska tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
! Thanks ! Dear Friend , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 ; Title 5 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 43 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & process your orders within seconds ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Wyoming tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Business person , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1916 , Title 2 ; Section 307 ! This is 
not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 52 MONTHS ! Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and SELL MORE ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Indiana 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . For the 
sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 50% . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our directory . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 6 , Section 307 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 32 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of 
Connecticut tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 70% . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our newsletter . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 ; Title 8 , Section 302 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 24 months ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames of Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . God Bless . Dear Decision 
maker ; Especially for you - this hot news ! If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 9 
; Section 305 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
93 days ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU sell more plus increase customer response 
by 100% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
of Louisiana tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . You have no reason not 
to act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
amazing intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 2 ; Section 303 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 62 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & sell more ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones of Kentucky tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! For the sake of 
your family order now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . God Bless . Dear Professional , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our newsletter ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 ; Title 1 ; Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 54 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 190% & deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Ms Jones who resides in Montana tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our newsletter . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 ; Title 2 , Section 301 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 76 months . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and how many people you know 
are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & increase customer response by 100% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mrs Jones of Tennessee tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 
100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Best regards . Dear 
Sir or Madam ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 , Title 3 , Section 302 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 65 days . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 130% plus use credit cards on your website 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Alabama tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless . Dear 
Business person ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 , Title 1 ; Section 309 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of Kansas tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This 
offer is 100% legal . You have no reason not to act 
now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Thanks ! Dear Salaryman , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge news . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 6 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 33 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear E-Commerce 
professional , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , Title 1 
, Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 40 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website & sell more 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides in Georgia 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal ! We beseech you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
announcement ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2316 , Title 7 ; Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 68 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE and sell more 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Ames of Tennessee tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . We IMPLORE you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . God Bless 
! Dear Business person ; We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot announcement . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 5 
, Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
32 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE and SELL MORE 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Delaware tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 
100% legal . For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% 
! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
newsletter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 5 , Section 
306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 41 DAYS 
. Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you increase customer response by 100% 
& deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Ames who resides in Illinois tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! We implore you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thanks 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing information . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 2 ; Section 305 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 77 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience & people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Mr Ames who resides in North Dakota tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . Don't delay - order today . 
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , 
Title 7 ; Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 55 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Simpson who resides in Maryland tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
This offer is 100% legal . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking announcement ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 4 
; Section 303 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 60 days ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience & people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
decrease perceived waiting time by 200% plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 190% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who 
resides in South Carolina tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" . This offer is 
100% legal ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Best regards . Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot announcement . We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 4 ; Section 
309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 86 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills plus most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Alaska 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Best regards . Dear Friend , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 ; Section 308 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
77 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed society seems to be 
moving faster and faster and society seems to be moving 
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in Idaho 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 1 
; Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 34 days ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& SELL MORE . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Prof Ames who resides in Colorado tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
This offer is 100% legal . We beseech you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Internet user , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1626 , Title 6 ; Section 307 . This is different than 
anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 58 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE and increase customer 
response by 180% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Cheers ! Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 , Title 5 , Section 304 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 90 days ! Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you use 
credit cards on your website & increase customer response 
by 100% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in Montana 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Thanks . Dear Internet user 
, We know you are interested in receiving red-hot information 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 6 
, Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 98 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in South Dakota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 70% . Thanks ! Dear Salaryman 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 1 ; Section 303 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 33 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
plus more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 150% and use 
credit cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of 
Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , Title 4 , Section 
307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 51 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
increase customer response by 110% and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 150% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who 
resides in Texas tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% ! God Bless ! Dear Friend , Especially for you 
- this breath-taking announcement . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our directory ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 , Section 
307 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 73 WEEKS 
. Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and increase customer response by 140% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Anderson who resides in Arizona tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 8 , Section 306 ! THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 70 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% and sell more . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Anderson who resides in Michigan tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . For God's sake, order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Business person ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our newsletter . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , 
Title 6 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 86 days . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who 
resides in Michigan tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear Professional 
, Especially for you - this hot intelligence ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 4 , Section 
301 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
10 days ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
& deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Florida 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . So 
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . God 
Bless . Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 9 , Section 301 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 14 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website plus process your orders within seconds ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in Delaware tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Friend , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot intelligence . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 3 ; Section 
309 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 89 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and nobody is getting any younger ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE 
will help YOU process your orders within seconds & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Jones of California tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 90% ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend , You 
made the right decision when you signed up for our 
mailing list ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 2 , Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 52 months . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
process your orders within seconds . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Colorado 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! Thanks 
! Dear Sir or Madam ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; 
Title 8 ; Section 301 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 56 days . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! We will help you decrease perceived waiting time 
by 170% and process your orders within seconds ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in North Carolina tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . God Bless . Dear Sir or Madam 
, Especially for you - this breath-taking info . We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 
3 , Section 305 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 71 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus decrease perceived waiting time 
by 150% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
of Vermont tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear Colleague 
, Especially for you - this red-hot news . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 9 , Section 
305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 27 months ! Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger plus people love convenience ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE 
will help YOU sell more and deliver goods right to 
the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
who resides in Tennessee tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! 
You have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 9 , Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 47 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience and most 
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Mr Ames who resides in West Virginia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks . Dear Sir or 
Madam ; You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our mailing list . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 ; Title 2 ; Section 306 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 19 months ! Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and use credit cards on your website . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Anderson who resides in Maryland 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 30% ! God Bless ! Dear Internet user 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 4 ; Section 
309 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 89 days 
! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Indiana 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then 
for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this hot intelligence . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 2 
; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
34 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus 
increase customer response by 150% . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames who resides 
in Indiana tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep 
without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 70% ! Cheers . Dear Decision maker , 
We know you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 9 ; Section 302 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 39 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents plus society seems to be moving 
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 130% plus increase customer response by 110% 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Florida tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Cheers ! Dear Colleague , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 3 
, Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
64 months . Have you ever noticed society seems to 
be moving faster and faster & nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you SELL 
MORE plus decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones 
who resides in Michigan tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . God Bless ! Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this amazing intelligence ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 3 ; Section 
306 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 75 days 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and society seems to be moving faster and faster 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson of Utah tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 
, Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 14 days ! Have you ever noticed society seems to 
be moving faster and faster and nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 190% & sell more . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of North Carolina tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Web surfer , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1626 , Title 3 ; Section 301 ! This is 
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 27 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 170% 
and process your orders within seconds . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Best regards ! Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge announcement . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 4 , Section 
309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
59 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 
130% . The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames who resides in Idaho tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1627 ; Title 6 ; Section 302 . This is 
different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 49 
weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus 
increase customer response by 140% ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Ms Ames who resides in West Virginia tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states . You have no reason 
not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off . Best regards . Dear Decision maker ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 9 
; Section 307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
47 days . Have you ever noticed society seems to be 
moving faster and faster and the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 200% and process your orders within seconds 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
of Alaska tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge news . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 5 ; Section 309 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 72 days . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines and people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of 
Alaska tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Thanks ! 
Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
news . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 
; Title 5 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 99 months . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you process 
your orders within seconds and use credit cards on 
your website ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames 
who resides in Pennsylvania tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! For God's sake, order now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . Dear Colleague 
; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 2 
, Section 308 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 52 DAYS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 160% . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who resides in Arizona 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! If 
not for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Cheers . Dear Internet 
user , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our club . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 4 ; Section 302 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 63 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 190% and process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames of Texas tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! Do not go 
to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% ! Cheers ! Dear Decision maker 
, We know you are interested in receiving red-hot announcement 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 47 months . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and decrease perceived waiting time by 190% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides in Missouri 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This 
offer is 100% legal . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% . God Bless ! Dear Decision maker 
, Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 1 ; Section 305 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 98 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed how many people you know are 
on the Internet and people are much more likely to 
BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you process 
your orders within seconds plus use credit cards on 
your website . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames of Washington tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Salaryman 
; We know you are interested in receiving hot news 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
; Title 1 ; Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 10 days . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards 
on your website and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of West 
Virginia tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2716 , Title 9 , Section 308 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 34 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet & more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
use credit cards on your website and use credit cards 
on your website . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
of Alaska tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , 
Title 2 , Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 49 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience plus nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & use credit cards on your website ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides 
in Oregon tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks 
. Dear Sir or Madam , Thank-you for your interest in 
our letter ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 4 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 44 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
decrease perceived waiting time by 150% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thanks . Dear Professional , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 1 ; Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 98 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and increase customer response by 200% ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of Arkansas tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Best regards . Dear Sir or Madam , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 2 , Section 302 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 93 days . Have 
you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents plus nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell 
more plus use credit cards on your website ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mr Simpson of New York tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Decision maker , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 , Title 1 , Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 47 days ! Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents & nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Georgia tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
, Title 4 ; Section 304 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 29 MONTHS . Have you ever 
noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Ames of Michigan tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision maker ; 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge news . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 , Title 7 ; Section 309 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 18 
DAYS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website & increase customer response 
by 150% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Utah tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
60% ! God Bless . Dear Web surfer , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our directory ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 2 ; Section 
309 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 51 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and most everyone has a cellphone . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE 
will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Anderson who resides 
in California tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% ! Thanks ! Dear Web surfer , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our club ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 , Title 6 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 23 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet plus how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU sell more & process your orders within seconds 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of Ohio tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are licensed to operate in all states ! We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Internet user 
; Especially for you - this red-hot news ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 4 ; Section 
309 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 17 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
plus more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you SELL MORE plus use credit cards on your website 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Business person , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 1 ; Section 306 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 32 days . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU sell more and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing . We beseech you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Cheers . Dear Business person ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 , Title 8 ; Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 16 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
decrease perceived waiting time by 130% and sell more 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mr Simpson of Virginia tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! God Bless ! Dear Internet 
user ; Especially for you - this breath-taking information 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 , 
Title 1 , Section 303 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 42 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash & society seems to be moving faster 
and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus process your orders within 
seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in South Dakota tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Cheers 
. Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this breath-taking 
announcement ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 ; Title 4 , Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 54 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & sell more . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones 
who resides in Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% . Warmest regards ! Dear E-Commerce 
professional , Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 3 , Section 301 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 34 days . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website and sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones who resides in Delaware tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 8 ; Section 
303 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 69 
days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU sell more and decrease perceived waiting time 
by 110% . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Ames of Nebraska tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . For God's sake, order 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Best 
regards . Dear Cybercitizen , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our directory ! We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 9 , Section 
308 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 50 weeks 
. Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website & SELL MORE . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson of Idaho tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! For the 
sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% . Cheers ! Dear Sir or 
Madam , We know you are interested in receiving amazing 
intelligence . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 1 , Section 
301 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
93 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and use credit cards on your website ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Simpson of Louisiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal 
! For God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Cheers ! Dear Business person , 
Thank-you for your interest in our letter ! This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 ; Section 
306 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 51 weeks . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 190% 
& turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Jones of Georgia tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We IMPLORE you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
. God Bless ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this 
amazing news ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 , Title 2 , Section 306 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 53 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds & process your orders within 
seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Wyoming tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal ! We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Cheers . Dear Decision maker ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 , Title 4 , Section 304 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 98 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience & people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and decrease perceived waiting time by 
160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Connecticut tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 
; Title 8 , Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 89 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU use credit cards on your website and increase customer 
response by 140% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof 
Jones who resides in Connecticut tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Cheers ! Dear Business person ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our publication . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2516 , Title 6 , Section 309 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 38 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger plus people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Ohio tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! We beseech you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Cheers ! Dear Business 
person , Thank-you for your interest in our briefing 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 
4 ; Section 305 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 81 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process 
your orders within seconds and increase customer response 
by 150% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Missouri 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY - 
order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% ! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for 
your interest in our newsletter ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 1 ; Section 309 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 50 MONTHS . Have 
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 170% plus SELL MORE ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames of Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Warmest regards . Dear E-Commerce 
professional , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2016 , Title 8 ; Section 301 ! This is different than 
anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 46 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames of West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! God Bless ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 ; Section 303 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 42 
days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
& more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 130% & process 
your orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who 
resides in Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this hot news ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 39 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase 
customer response by 150% plus SELL MORE ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Anderson of New York tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are a 
BBB member in good standing ! DO NOT DELAY - order 
today . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our directory 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 8 , Section 303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 96 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone plus nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 170% plus increase customer response by 160% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Vermont tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! You have no reason not to act now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Internet user ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 6 , Section 
309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 96 days 
. Have you ever noticed people love convenience & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE and turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in South Dakota tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Cheers . 
Dear Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 
, Title 4 , Section 309 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 95 weeks . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more & process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who 
resides in Delaware tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must make a commitment soon 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 3 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 41 months . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and how many people you know are on the Internet ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE 
will help YOU SELL MORE and SELL MORE ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Oklahoma 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Professional , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 3 , Section 304 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 85 days ! Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 180% and decrease perceived waiting time 
by 180% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
who resides in Nevada tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
E-Commerce professional , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our publication 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 7 ; Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 45 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you sell more and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Delaware tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% ! Best regards . Dear Friend , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 1 ; Section 
304 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 35 
days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you increase customer 
response by 180% and use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of Wyoming tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks ! Dear Web surfer ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 1 , Section 306 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 63 
days . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you use credit cards on your website plus 
sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Illinois 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . DO 
NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! God Bless ! Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 2 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 59 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website and 
process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames who resides in New Mexico tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . For the sake of your family order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards ! Dear 
Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 8 ; Section 305 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
85 weeks ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of Arizona tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Warmest regards . Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1622 , Title 6 , Section 302 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 82 days ! Have you ever 
noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
plus how many people you know are on the Internet ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE 
will help YOU increase customer response by 140% and 
process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames of South Carolina tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We implore you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . 
Cheers ! Dear Internet user ; Especially for you - 
this red-hot info ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1916 ; Title 4 ; Section 308 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 56 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 160% and process your orders within seconds 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames 
who resides in Colorado tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 302 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 62 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 140% plus increase customer response by 150% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of New Hampshire tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Web surfer 
; Especially for you - this amazing intelligence . 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 5 ; Section 307 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 50 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & people love convenience ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL 
MORE and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Alabama tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
. Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
amazing news . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 5 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 66 days ! Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and 
most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and increase customer response 
by 150% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides 
in South Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! You have no reason not 
to act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thanks . Dear Decision maker ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our publication ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our directory ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 1 ; Section 
309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
78 days ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
& sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames who resides in 
Rhode Island tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! For the sake 
of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . God Bless ! Dear Friend , Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our publication . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 5 , Section 303 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 25 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and process your orders 
within seconds . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Jones of New Hampshire tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2316 ; Title 6 ; Section 308 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 14 days ! Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE and sell more 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in North 
Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! 
Dear Sir or Madam , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
info . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 
; Title 4 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 11 days ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% plus process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Delaware 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing . You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 3 ; Section 
304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 23 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% plus 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Jones of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Internet 
user ; We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
intelligence ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 , Title 9 , Section 304 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 57 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
& SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides 
in Wisconsin tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We BESEECH you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . 
Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 4 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 96 days . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 180% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of North 
Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend ; Especially for you - this red-hot info . We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 
4 ; Section 303 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
11 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and increase customer response 
by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Iowa tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . Thanks . Dear Friend , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 2 
, Section 309 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 99 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and use credit cards on 
your website ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Ohio tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% ! God Bless . Dear Web surfer 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 4 , Section 
301 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 24 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you sell 
more plus sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Prof Jones who resides in Texas tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear E-Commerce professional ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our newsletter ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 4 ; Section 
302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 75 WEEKS 
! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster plus society seems to be moving faster 
and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more & process your 
orders within seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames who resides in Florida tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Internet user ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 6 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 77 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & people love convenience . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who 
resides in Washington tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . God Bless 
! Dear Web surfer ; Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 ; Title 7 ; Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 19 days ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds and sell 
more . You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
who resides in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! You have no reason not to act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
50% . Best regards ! Dear Friend ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our club ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 1 
, Section 307 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
69 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone & most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Minnesota tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! Don't delay - order today . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! God 
Bless . Dear Salaryman , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our club . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 , Title 6 ; Section 301 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 94 days 
. Have you ever noticed people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE and use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Iowa tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Internet user , We know you are interested in 
receiving cutting-edge news . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 ; Title 6 , Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 61 days . Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents plus people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Ms Anderson of Hawaii tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Friend ; Especially 
for you - this amazing news ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 , Title 5 ; Section 308 . This is different than 
anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 58 months ! Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 190% and decrease perceived waiting time by 140% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Decision maker , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 8 ; Section 
309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 57 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Simpson who resides in Wisconsin tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing news . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 9 ; Section 303 . This is 
not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 98 days . Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus sell more ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Simpson of Delaware tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
40% . Cheers ! Dear Friend , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
letter ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 
, Title 6 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 89 months . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS plus process your 
orders within seconds ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames who resides in Mississippi tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . God Bless 
! Dear E-Commerce professional ; Especially for you 
- this cutting-edge intelligence ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our directory ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 2 , Section 
302 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 39 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Anderson who resides in Georgia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Warmest 
regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 3 , Section 304 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 19 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Hawaii 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! 
Thanks ! Dear Decision maker , Especially for you - 
this red-hot announcement ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 ; Title 1 ; Section 309 ! This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 14 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Texas tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! For God's sake, 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this red-hot news 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 3 
, Section 307 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 43 weeks ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and people love 
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Texas tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thanks . Dear Friend ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 5 , Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 41 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and people love convenience . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL 
MORE plus decrease perceived waiting time by 160% ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames of Hawaii tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . For the sake 
of your family order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Decision maker ; 
Especially for you - this amazing announcement ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 4 , Section 309 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 34 days 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
process your orders within seconds plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Ames who resides in West Virginia tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing . We beseech you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Cheers 
! Dear Business person , Especially for you - this 
red-hot info ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 1 ; Section 
309 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 39 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web & most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Jones of New Hampshire tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . For God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Best regards . Dear 
Internet user , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2116 ; Title 9 ; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 39 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell more plus 
increase customer response by 140% ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Iowa 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . For the sake of your family order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! God 
Bless ! Dear Friend ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 8 , Section 
303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
61 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & decrease perceived waiting time by 160% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Florida tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Don't delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing information . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 4 ; Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 94 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU sell more plus increase customer response 
by 200% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Ms Ames of North Dakota tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
. Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Business 
person , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . We will comply with all removal requests . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1618 , Title 1 , Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 42 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
who resides in Florida tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Friend 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 
2 ; Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 48 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it & most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website plus turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides 
in Maryland tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . This offer is 100% legal . Don't 
delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . God Bless . Dear Salaryman ; We know you 
are interested in receiving amazing intelligence . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , 
Title 3 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 19 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster & the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell 
more and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . You will blame yourself forever if 
you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Best regards . Dear Friend , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our publication . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 1 , Section 309 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 71 days . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& decrease perceived waiting time by 200% ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Ames of Tennessee tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . We IMPLORE you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , 
Title 1 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 82 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & use credit cards 
on your website ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Alaska 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; 
Title 2 ; Section 303 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 20 months . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
plus people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of 
Connecticut tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% ! Best regards ! Dear Friend , We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge info ! If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 6 ; Section 
304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
71 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Idaho 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards 
. Dear Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 2 ; Section 304 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 20 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash and more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 190% plus process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Anderson of Delaware tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! For God's sake, order now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague 
; Especially for you - this hot announcement ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 1 , Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 93 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and use credit cards on your website ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones 
of Ohio tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must make 
a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our letter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 4 ; Section 
301 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 39 DAYS . 
Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU sell more & decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Simpson of Arizona tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for 
your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Colleague 
; Especially for you - this hot info ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 8 , Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 93 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet and people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 170% ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Anderson who resides in Wisconsin tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
. We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 9 , Section 
308 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 40 
weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
process your orders within seconds & process your orders 
within seconds ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Pennsylvania tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We are a BBB member in good standing . We implore you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Cheers ! Dear Internet user ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 3 , Section 301 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 35 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you increase customer response by 150% 
and process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames who resides in Georgia tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! This offer 
is 100% legal ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! Warmest 
regards . Dear Professional ; Especially for you - 
this amazing intelligence ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 3 ; Section 301 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 14 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web and how many people you know are on the Internet 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Prof 
Anderson who resides in Wyoming tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Cheers . Dear Decision maker , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 
, Title 1 ; Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 15 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger and how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds & process your orders within seconds ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Idaho tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 60% ! God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen 
; Especially for you - this amazing announcement ! 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9 ; Section 302 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 34 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& decrease perceived waiting time by 100% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
! Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 3 ; Section 308 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 69 
days . Have you ever noticed how many people you know 
are on the Internet and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you sell more 
and decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . For the sake of your family order now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards 
! Dear Business person ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our publication 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 2 
, Section 301 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 24 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames of North Dakota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! We implore you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . God Bless 
. Dear Sir or Madam , Especially for you - this red-hot 
news . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 
; Title 7 , Section 301 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 50 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 170% & SELL 
MORE . The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Anderson of Indiana tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must hurry . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Web surfer , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 2 , Section 
305 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
93 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Nevada tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Professional 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our club ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 
, Title 1 ; Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 51 months ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & how many people you know are on the Internet 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you use credit cards on your website plus 
use credit cards on your website . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mr Jones of Indiana tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 
100% legal . If not for you then for your LOVED ONES 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Internet user ; Especially for you 
- this hot information . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2616 , Title 4 ; Section 308 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 42 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and use credit cards on 
your website ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us ! Mr Jones of Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! This offer is 
100% legal ! For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks ! Dear Decision maker ; Thank-you for your 
interest in our letter ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 6 , Section 303 . This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 81 WEEKS . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger plus more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 150% and increase customer response by 
160% ! The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Anderson of Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! For the sake of your family order now . 
Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear 
Friend , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our club . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 4 , Section 301 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 68 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting time 
by 200% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Prof Anderson 
of Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% . Warmest 
regards ! Dear Internet user , Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 4 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 70 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who resides in New 
Hampshire tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal . Don't delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 7 , Section 305 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 69 days . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web plus 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell more 
and use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides 
in Wisconsin tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman ; We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing announcement . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1916 , Title 6 ; Section 306 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 42 MONTHS ! 
Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU sell more & decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Rhode Island tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
40% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 4 ; Section 307 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 89 
months . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone plus people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you use credit cards on your website plus use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones 
of Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Warmest regards . Dear Decision 
maker ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our letter . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 4 , Section 
304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 85 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Indiana tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . Do not 
go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 50% . God Bless ! Dear Colleague 
, Especially for you - this hot announcement ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 2 ; Section 305 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 40 
months ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 160% and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Alabama tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Cheers 
. Dear Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 5 ; Section 303 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 59 days . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet plus most 
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds plus SELL MORE ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Ames of Iowa tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Best regards 
. Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
announcement ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 , Title 5 ; Section 301 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 27 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 120% and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in South Carolina tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Salaryman ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 1 ; Section 
305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 46 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and most 
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds & increase customer response 
by 150% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of New Mexico 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 , Title 3 , Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 57 days ! Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 170% & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides 
in Oregon tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! If not for you then for your loved ones - 
act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Professional , Especially for you - this amazing news 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , 
Title 6 ; Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 58 weeks . Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web plus nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus use credit 
cards on your website . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Simpson of Louisiana tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states . So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Professional ; 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , 
Title 6 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 85 days ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and sell more ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Jones who resides in Wyoming tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Web surfer 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our database ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 ; Title 6 ; Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 54 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash & most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
120% & sell more . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
who resides in Maine tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Best regards ! Dear Colleague ; Your 
email address has been submitted to us indicating your 
interest in our briefing ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 , Title 5 ; Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 36 months . Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 110% and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Best regards ! Dear Decision 
maker , Especially for you - this cutting-edge news 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 8 
; Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 53 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you use credit cards on your website and increase 
customer response by 150% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
who resides in Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We implore you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
! Warmest regards ! Dear Business person , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our briefing . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , 
Title 1 ; Section 308 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 36 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames who resides in Montana tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states . If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 70% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2116 ; Title 2 , Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 92 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
process your orders within seconds plus increase customer 
response by 150% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Connecticut tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Thanks ! Dear Sir or Madam 
; Especially for you - this breath-taking announcement 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 
, Title 2 ; Section 302 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 98 weeks . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Illinois 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Decision 
maker , Especially for you - this cutting-edge news 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 4 
; Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 30 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger & more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more and use credit cards 
on your website ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Ames of New Hampshire tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% 
legal . If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Best regards ! Dear Decision maker , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our publication ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 4 ; Section 306 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 56 DAYS . Have you ever noticed the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds & increase 
customer response by 180% . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Mrs Anderson of Washington tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam ; Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
newsletter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 5 ; Section 
307 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
41 days . Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone & nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds & use credit 
cards on your website ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
of Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal ! You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Web surfer , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge announcement . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 , Title 6 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 45 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you process your orders within seconds plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Nebraska tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! For the sake of your family order 
now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Warmest regards . Dear E-Commerce professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 9 , Section 
306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 12 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and society seems to be moving faster 
and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides 
in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Internet user 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 1 , Section 301 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 12 days . Have you 
ever noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and society seems to be moving faster and faster . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of Mississippi 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . God Bless ! Dear 
Sir or Madam , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 3 , Section 306 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 54 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & use credit cards on your website . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
who resides in Nevada tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Decision maker ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our briefing ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 1 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 36 weeks . Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web and most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Florida tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! Don't delay 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear E-Commerce professional , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot info . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 , Title 6 , Section 301 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 42 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience plus people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 120% 
and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides 
in New Mexico tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Best 
regards ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot 
intelligence ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 9 , Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 74 DAYS ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides 
in Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for you 
- this hot intelligence ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1627 , Title 2 ; Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 56 months ! Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mrs Ames who resides in Washington tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving breath-taking 
intelligence ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 4 ; Section 
304 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 60 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
who resides in Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this 
cutting-edge info ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 6 , Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 56 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone & most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and process your orders within 
seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Connecticut tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . Do not delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; 
Title 1 , Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 34 months . Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Missouri tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing . We 
beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Salaryman ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
, Title 9 , Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 55 days . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL 
MORE and use credit cards on your website ! You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us . Prof Simpson of Utah tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . 
Dear Colleague , Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; Title 3 , Section 
309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 33 
WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and sell more . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Minnesota 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Colleague ; We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing announcement ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 4 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 54 days . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus use credit cards 
on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Ames of Hawaii 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Colleague ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 3 ; Section 
308 . This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
60 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you use credit cards on your website and process 
your orders within seconds . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Vermont tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Cheers 
! Dear Business person , Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , 
Title 6 , Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 65 DAYS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% & sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . This offer is 100% legal . We urge you to 
contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
briefing ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 9 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 52 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU increase customer response by 180% 
and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Colorado tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Best regards . Dear Internet 
user ; Thank-you for your interest in our letter . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 4 
, Section 301 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
44 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents & how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell more 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 130% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
of New Mexico tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . This offer is 100% legal . We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge news ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 , Title 3 , Section 302 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 36 WEEKS 
. Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU sell more & deliver goods right to 
the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
who resides in Montana tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards 
. Dear Web surfer ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; 
Title 2 , Section 309 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 58 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and use credit cards on your website ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
who resides in Washington tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" ! This offer is 
100% legal . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Friend 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 
; Title 3 ; Section 306 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich inside 63 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 130% and increase customer response by 140% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Alaska tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! You have no reason not to act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Warmest regards 
! Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for you - this breath-taking 
info . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 
; Title 6 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 32 months . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines and people love convenience . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 190% 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 140% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Anderson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We beseech you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Warmest 
regards ! Dear Cybercitizen , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
briefing . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 ; Title 6 , Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 76 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you sell more & sell more . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
of Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Internet user , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 5 , Section 309 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 52 days ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web & nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 140% & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Wyoming 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! For the sake of 
your family order now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot information ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 9 ; Section 
301 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 88 DAYS 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
plus the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Oregon tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Don't delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Cheers ! Dear Decision maker , We know you 
are interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , 
Title 3 , Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich inside 61 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU increase customer response by 140% 
& SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in 
Delaware tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . God Bless . Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this amazing information ! This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1623 , Title 3 ; Section 
305 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 33 months 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Georgia tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . You have no reason not to 
act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you 
- this hot information ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2616 , Title 7 ; Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 48 months ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash plus people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
& sell more . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides 
in Oklahoma tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! For the sake of your family order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend ; 
You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 4 ; Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 30 days ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
sell more plus SELL MORE . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Massachusetts 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Cheers . Dear Friend 
, Especially for you - this breath-taking info ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 8 ; Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 80 WEEKS . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Jones of Hawaii tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
. Thanks ! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 ; Title 9 , Section 305 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 80 days ! Have you ever 
noticed people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash and how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 120% plus SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
of Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 70% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Salaryman ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our club 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 7 , Section 307 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 73 days . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
of Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! For the sake 
of your family order now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Best regards ! Dear Internet 
user ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our briefing ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 2 
; Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 91 months ! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website & 
increase customer response by 100% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames of Ohio tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . Do not go to sleep without 
ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 6 , Section 
308 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 39 WEEKS 
! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
& nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in 
South Dakota tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . 
Dear Internet user , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 , Title 9 
, Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 56 days ! Have you ever noticed society seems to 
be moving faster and faster plus how many people you 
know are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames of Alabama tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Colleague , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 6 , Section 306 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 52 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
process your orders within seconds & SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Jones of Kansas tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Cheers . Dear Friend ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 , Title 4 , Section 309 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 13 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone & nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE and use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Wisconsin tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% ! Cheers . Dear Friend 
; Especially for you - this red-hot news . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; Title 7 
; Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 59 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 110% plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in 
Minnesota tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 30% . Thanks ! Dear E-Commerce professional 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 ; Title 3 ; Section 304 ! This is not a get rich 
scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 83 days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it plus most 
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 110% plus use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Mrs Jones who resides in California 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thanks . Dear Business 
person , We know you are interested in receiving amazing 
intelligence ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 6 , Section 
302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich in 58 MONTHS 
! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Best regards . Dear Friend ; Especially for 
you - this hot info . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 ; Title 2 , Section 305 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 63 WEEKS ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience plus how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and increase customer response 
by 180% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Wisconsin tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! Do not delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; Thank-you for your interest in 
our publication ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 , Title 3 , Section 304 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 43 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Jones who resides in Hawaii tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states . We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our 
briefing . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; 
Title 4 ; Section 304 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 89 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who 
resides in Kansas tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! For the sake of your family order now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1627 , Title 6 , Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 56 days ! Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 140% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in Idaho 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . This offer is 100% legal . We urge you to contact 
us today for your own future financial well-being . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . 
Warmest regards ! Dear Internet user , Thank-you for 
your interest in our publication . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 1 ; Section 309 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 51 months ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 120% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who 
resides in Louisiana tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 
100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Best regards 
. Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 3 ; Section 301 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 95 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Maine tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . For the sake 
of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam 
; Thank-you for your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 3 
, Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 50 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and how many people you know 
are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more & use credit cards 
on your website ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Jones of Michigan tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in 
our newsletter . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 , Title 8 , Section 304 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 40 days ! Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell more 
& sell more ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Simpson who resides in West Virginia tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thanks . Dear Decision maker , Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
briefing ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 ; Title 2 , Section 309 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 60 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines plus nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 140% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Montana tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% ! God Bless ! Dear 
Sir or Madam , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our club . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2116 ; Title 2 ; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 47 days . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds plus turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Prof Anderson who resides in Alabama tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! For the sake of your 
family order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 30% ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend , 
Especially for you - this red-hot news . We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 5 , Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 38 
WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and people love convenience ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Ms Ames who resides in Washington tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 9 ; Section 301 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 49 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger plus the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 140% and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in New Hampshire tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; 
Title 4 , Section 307 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 65 weeks ! Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web and 
nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% and process your orders within 
seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in 
Vermont tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We implore you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Cheers ! Dear Professional , We know you are 
interested in receiving hot info ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 3 , Section 309 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 11 days . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster plus people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Thanks . Dear Web surfer ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 , Title 3 ; Section 303 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 86 days . Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames of Georgia tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear E-Commerce 
professional , We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing news ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 
304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 26 months ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus sell more ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
of Connecticut tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Warmest regards 
. Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 ; Title 8 
; Section 306 . This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames of South Dakota tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" . We 
are licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% . Warmest regards . Dear Decision maker , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1627 ; Title 6 , Section 303 . This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 49 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus decrease 
perceived waiting time by 200% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . We urge you to contact us today for your 
own future financial well-being ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Thanks . Dear Sir 
or Madam ; We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing information . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our database 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 , Title 3 , Section 309 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 10 months . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus 
nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in South Dakota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . DO NOT DELAY - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers 
! Dear Decision maker , Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 9 , Section 
309 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
23 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus society seems to be moving faster 
and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & increase customer response by 120% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 90% . Warmest regards . Dear Decision 
maker , We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
intelligence ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 3 ; Section 305 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 48 days . Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
of Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Cheers ! Dear Friend , Especially for you - this 
hot intelligence ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , 
Title 9 ; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 32 months ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& increase customer response by 130% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson of Wyoming tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal . We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Best regards ! Dear Professional ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 8 ; Section 309 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 56 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash & the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and process your orders 
within seconds . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Anderson of Illinois tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Warmest regards 
. Dear Decision maker , Especially for you - this red-hot 
announcement ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 2 ; Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 55 days . Have 
you ever noticed people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills and most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% & sell more ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Jones of Pennsylvania tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Warmest regards ! Dear Professional ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1816 , Title 1 , Section 
308 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 80 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds & deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in Utah tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! God Bless ! Dear Sir or Madam , We know you 
are interested in receiving cutting-edge announcement 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , 
Title 4 ; Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 56 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
& society seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 120% & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides 
in Alabama tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Decision 
maker ; Especially for you - this hot intelligence 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 44 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase 
customer response by 200% and process your orders within 
seconds ! The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames of Florida tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks . Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
amazing intelligence . If you are not interested in 
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; 
Title 2 , Section 305 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 27 WEEKS . Have you ever 
noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU sell more & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson of 
Kansas tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been 
rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal ! 
We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Best regards ! Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 3 , Section 
305 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 44 
days ! Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster & more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and process your orders within 
seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides in 
Illinois tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Web surfer ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our letter ! This is a one time mailing there is 
no need to request removal if you won't want any more 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 1 ; Section 307 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 44 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & SELL MORE ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Mr Jones of Mississippi tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich many more things are possible" . This offer is 
100% legal . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this amazing news . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 2 ; Section 305 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 19 
months ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web & more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Illinois tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . You 
have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thanks ! Dear Friend 
, We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
intelligence . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 2 , Section 
308 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 98 days . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Simpson of Nebraska tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 4 ; Section 306 . This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 66 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds plus SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Ames of Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal 
! If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! 
Dear Professional ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 6 ; Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 15 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase 
customer response by 190% & SELL MORE ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides 
in Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . God Bless 
! Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot information . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 6 ; Section 301 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 65 days ! Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you use credit 
cards on your website plus turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson of Florida tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers ! 
Dear Web surfer , Especially for you - this breath-taking 
info ! We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
, Title 6 , Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 99 days ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience & nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & process 
your orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who 
resides in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 80% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , 
Title 6 , Section 309 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 59 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and society seems to be moving faster and 
faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more and SELL MORE . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of West Virginia tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing news ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 9 ; Section 
307 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 96 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you sell more plus SELL MORE ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames of Oklahoma tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . We beseech you - act now . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . 
Best regards . Dear Friend ; We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge news . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 , Title 9 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 99 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE & sell more ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Wisconsin 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! We 
BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 70% . Best regards ! Dear Salaryman 
, Thank-you for your interest in our letter . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 7 ; Section 305 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 38 
WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger & people are much more likely to BUY with a 
credit card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds plus increase customer response 
by 150% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Ames 
who resides in Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 2 
, Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 88 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 100% and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Decision maker , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 6 , Section 
309 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 61 months ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 200% and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 170% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in South Dakota tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . We 
are licensed to operate in all states . We urge you 
to contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Best regards 
! Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this red-hot 
intelligence . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2216 ; Title 3 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 21 months ! Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of California 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT 
DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 30% . Warmest regards . Dear Friend ; 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 2 
; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 47 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you process your orders within seconds and process 
your orders within seconds . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us ! Ms Jones who resides in Georgia 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Thanks . Dear Business person ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; Title 2 
, Section 309 . This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
63 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 120% plus SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of Arkansas tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you 
- this cutting-edge intelligence . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 9 , Section 301 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 89 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you decrease 
perceived waiting time by 160% & SELL MORE ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Simpson who resides in Pennsylvania tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This 
offer is 100% legal . We urge you to contact us today 
for your own future financial well-being . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . Cheers 
! Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our publication ! 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 7 
; Section 304 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 89 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & society seems to be moving faster 
and faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and process your orders within seconds 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of Florida tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Colleague 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1621 , Title 6 ; Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 72 months ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & society seems to be moving faster and faster 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks 
! Dear Professional , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our directory . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 6 ; Section 302 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
92 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
plus use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson who resides in South Carolina tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . Warmest regards 
. Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our 
publication ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 5 , Section 
303 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 35 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
how many people you know are on the Internet . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you process your orders within seconds plus turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Mississippi tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Warmest 
regards . Dear Decision maker ; Especially for you 
- this breath-taking intelligence ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 6 ; Section 301 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 59 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience and people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Connecticut tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Cheers ! Dear Web surfer , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 , Title 1 ; Section 301 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 70 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience & people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds & sell 
more . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Delaware 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Best regards ! Dear Business person ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 4 , Section 301 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 38 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster & how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on 
your website ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Mr Ames who resides in Connecticut tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% ! God Bless 
. Dear Friend ; We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot information . If you are not interested in 
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , 
Title 7 , Section 306 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 61 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase 
customer response by 140% and process your orders within 
seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Mr Anderson who resides in 
Utah tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . 
We are licensed to operate in all states . We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 70% . Cheers . Dear Friend ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 9 
, Section 309 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 70 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and process your 
orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who 
resides in Oklahoma tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . God Bless . Dear Colleague ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 7 
; Section 301 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 41 months ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster & nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and increase customer 
response by 200% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
of Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Business person , Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 1 ; Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 57 weeks . Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents & more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU SELL MORE & sell more ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in Alaska tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
. If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Business person ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our letter . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 3 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 40 months . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and sell more ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson of Alaska tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! We IMPLORE you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! God Bless 
. Dear Decision maker , Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 2 , Section 304 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 49 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
& decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Simpson who 
resides in Utah tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Cheers 
! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1816 ; Title 4 , Section 301 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 64 days ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Best regards 
! Dear Salaryman , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge info . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 3 , Section 302 ! This is 
not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 96 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE & SELL MORE ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk . But don't believe us . Ms Jones who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . This offer is 100% legal 
. We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . Warmest regards ! Dear Web 
surfer ; Especially for you - this breath-taking intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 4 
, Section 302 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 75 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it plus the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 190% and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of Massachusetts 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen 
, Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 2 ; Section 
301 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
91 days . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who resides 
in Utah tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . Do not delay - 
order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! Best regards . Dear Friend ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our publication ! We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 , Title 6 ; Section 301 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
71 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger & people love convenience ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you sell 
more plus process your orders within seconds . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of Wisconsin tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague 
, Especially for you - this hot news . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 2 , Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 54 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and society seems to 
be moving faster and faster . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Jones who 
resides in South Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Best regards . Dear 
Friend ; You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our mailing list ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 , Title 2 , Section 305 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 29 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of Massachusetts tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Sir or Madam 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 3 ; Section 
305 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 81 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed people love convenience and 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS plus use credit cards on 
your website ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Simpson who resides in Wisconsin tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Best regards . Dear 
Decision maker , We know you are interested in receiving 
hot news ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 
; Title 3 , Section 301 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE and sell more . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Mrs Jones of North Carolina tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We 
are licensed to operate in all states . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear Professional 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 7 ; Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 71 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website plus process your orders within seconds . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Jones of Connecticut 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! We 
BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear Web surfer ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 2 , Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 67 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed society seems to be moving faster and 
faster and more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 170% 
and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides 
in Vermont tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! This offer is 100% legal . For the sake of your family 
order now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thanks ! Dear Web surfer ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2016 ; Title 2 ; Section 301 ! This is 
not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 55 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and how 
many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help 
you use credit cards on your website & decrease perceived 
waiting time by 100% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Anderson of South Dakota tried us and says "I've 
been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . We 
are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen 
; We know you are interested in receiving amazing news 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 7 
, Section 309 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 45 months . Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus increase 
customer response by 150% ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us . Prof Ames of Alabama tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
are a BBB member in good standing . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and your friend will be rich too ! Warmest regards 
! Dear Colleague ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter . We will comply with all removal requests . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1621 ; Title 6 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 37 days ! Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & most 
everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your 
orders within seconds and increase customer response 
by 180% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Wyoming tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep 
without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off . God Bless . Dear Professional , Thank-you for 
your interest in our letter ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1916 , Title 7 ; Section 304 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 81 days . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you sell more and SELL MORE ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! 
Mr Simpson of Hawaii tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! For the sake of your family order now ! 
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! 
Best regards . Dear E-Commerce professional ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; 
Title 8 ; Section 301 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 94 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
plus nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Tennessee tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Salaryman 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 3 , Section 303 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
31 days . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash plus people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and increase customer response by 200% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Wyoming tried us and says "My 
only problem now is where to park all my cars" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Decision 
maker ; Especially for you - this amazing info ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 , Title 5 ; Section 303 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 88 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger & most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in Washington 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . You 
will blame yourself forever if you don't order now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
. Cheers ! Dear Business person , Especially for you 
- this red-hot news . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 5 ; Section 303 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 33 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience & nobody is getting any younger . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 140% 
and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof 
Jones of Wyoming tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Decision maker ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
newsletter ! We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 8 ; Section 304 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 89 days ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson of Tennessee tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Do not delay - order 
today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our club ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 4 ; Section 
306 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 44 MONTHS 
. Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it & nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more and sell more 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in Hawaii 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% . Warmest regards 
. Dear Web surfer , We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot announcement . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 2 , Section 301 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 18 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 130% and increase 
customer response by 180% . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us . Ms Ames of Connecticut tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . You have no 
reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% . Warmest regards ! Dear Internet 
user ; Especially for you - this amazing information 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 2 , Section 305 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 24 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & people are much more likely to 
BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Best regards 
! Dear Web surfer , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 99 months ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and more people than ever are surfing the web 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you process your orders within seconds 
plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Mr Anderson of Indiana tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states . Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 90% . Best regards ! Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this amazing intelligence 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
; Title 3 , Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 35 days ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and sell more . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
. Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must hurry . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 50% ! God Bless . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our club . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 5 , Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 30 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 180% plus process your orders within seconds ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Virginia tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . Do not go 
to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this red-hot intelligence . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 4 ; Section 
308 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 41 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% plus SELL MORE . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson of California tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
announcement . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1627 ; Title 4 , Section 308 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 66 months . Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson of Illinois tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Professional , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 4 
, Section 307 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 49 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and more people than ever are 
surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of Tennessee tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Best regards ! Dear Friend ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our letter ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
; Title 1 ; Section 302 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 86 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 200% plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
of Indiana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too ! God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen ; 
We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
news ! We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
; Title 3 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 77 days ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents plus people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE plus deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of 
Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things 
are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! You have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Best regards ! Dear Friend ; 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 ; 
Title 3 ; Section 304 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 88 DAYS . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and people love 
convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of 
Delaware tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% . Cheers . Dear Colleague , Thank-you for your 
interest in our publication . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 6 , Section 301 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 50 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Illinois tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . You have no reason not to act now . 
Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too . 
Best regards ! Dear Cybercitizen , Thank-you for your 
interest in our publication ! We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 5 , Section 308 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 81 months . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE and turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Alabama tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; We know 
you are interested in receiving hot announcement ! 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , 
Title 7 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 82 months ! Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds plus SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Anderson 
who resides in Montana tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . We beseech you - act now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Warmest 
regards . Dear Sir or Madam , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list ! We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 3 ; Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 99 days 
. Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS plus process your orders 
within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Washington 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! If not 
for you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Web surfer ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1621 ; Title 1 ; Section 306 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 61 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who 
resides in New Jersey tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We urge you to contact us 
today for your own future financial well-being . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 1 , Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 30 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet and nobody 
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards 
on your website and SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
Oklahoma tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Cybercitizen , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich within 75 days ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Anderson of Arkansas tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! God Bless 
! Dear Business person ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 6 , Section 303 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 15 
days . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& how many people you know are on the Internet . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 170% plus 
decrease perceived waiting time by 140% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson 
who resides in West Virginia tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - 
this amazing intelligence ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 , Title 8 ; Section 305 ! This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 14 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus how 
many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you decrease perceived waiting time by 170% and process 
your orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Ames of 
Idaho tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% ! God Bless ! Dear 
Internet user , Especially for you - this red-hot info 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 
8 ; Section 304 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 52 months ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS & process 
your orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who 
resides in Rhode Island tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 50% ! God Bless . Dear Sir or Madam , 
You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2116 ; Title 3 ; Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 24 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 160% and use credit 
cards on your website ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson of South Carolina tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Sir or Madam ; 
Thank-you for your interest in our publication . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 , Title 6 ; Section 309 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 76 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills and how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and increase customer response by 160% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones 
of Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% ! God Bless . Dear E-Commerce 
professional , Especially for you - this cutting-edge 
announcement ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 4 ; Section 
303 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
92 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website and process your orders within 
seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Arkansas tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . Thanks ! Dear Web surfer , 
We know you are interested in receiving breath-taking 
news . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 
, Title 4 , Section 307 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 40 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and sell more ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames who resides in Illinois tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this amazing 
intelligence ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 3 , Section 
309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 29 days 
. Have you ever noticed people love convenience and 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% plus use credit cards on your website . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of Kansas tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing ! For God's 
sake, order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a 
discount of 40% ! Cheers . Dear E-Commerce professional 
; Especially for you - this amazing information . If 
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 7 
, Section 308 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 56 weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and use credit cards on 
your website . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
of Missouri tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to sleep 
without ordering ! Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 30% . Warmest regards . Dear Decision 
maker ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our briefing ! We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 9 
, Section 303 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 63 months . Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 
5 , Section 304 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 53 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Louisiana tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Cheers . Dear Friend , Especially for you 
- this red-hot news ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1816 , Title 5 ; Section 308 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 95 months . Have you 
ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash & how many people you know 
are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Texas tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal ! Because the Internet operates 
on "Internet time" you must hurry ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% . Thanks . Dear Internet 
user ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge news 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1916 , 
Title 5 ; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 72 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 180% plus deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Wyoming 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We urge you to contact us today for your own 
future financial well-being ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks ! Dear E-Commerce 
professional ; Especially for you - this hot intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 6 
; Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 41 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash plus people love convenience . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus sell more 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Alaska tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 80% . Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 3 , Section 
303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 81 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you use 
credit cards on your website plus increase customer 
response by 180% ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Anderson who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . Warmest regards ! Dear Web 
surfer , Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 306 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 99 days ! Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you use credit cards on your website 
plus deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides 
in New Jersey tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Warmest regards ! Dear 
Friend ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 
, Title 3 ; Section 303 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 50 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 160% 
plus process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames of Nevada tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our directory ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1618 ; Title 4 , Section 309 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 21 WEEKS ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE and 
use credit cards on your website . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us ! 
Mrs Jones of Idaho tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks ! Dear Friend , You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 6 , Section 306 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 60 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website plus decrease perceived waiting time by 120% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in New York tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 60% ! God Bless . Dear Colleague ; We 
know you are interested in receiving red-hot announcement 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1622 ; Title 4 , Section 308 . This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 20 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you SELL MORE and 
increase customer response by 150% ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Alaska tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We 
assure you that we operate within all applicable laws 
! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
! Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam , Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge information . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 7 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 44 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet plus more 
people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you 
SELL MORE & decrease perceived waiting time by 200% 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones of Idaho 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! We implore you - act 
now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Thanks ! Dear Internet user , We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence ! 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 3 
, Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 68 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web plus nobody is 
getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website & process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones of Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Best regards . Dear Salaryman , 
This letter was specially selected to be sent to you 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , 
Title 7 ; Section 301 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 33 months . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 140% and increase customer 
response by 100% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson 
of Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear 
Professional ; Especially for you - this amazing announcement 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 
6 , Section 309 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
22 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you process your orders within seconds 
& sell more . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides in 
Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! We BESEECH you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% ! God Bless . Dear E-Commerce professional , 
Especially for you - this amazing information ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 , Title 5 , Section 305 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 73 
weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
plus people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus use credit cards on your website 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
who resides in Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! If not for 
you then for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards . Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 2 , Section 309 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 60 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you sell more plus decrease perceived waiting 
time by 120% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Arizona 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . We 
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Friend ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
; Title 7 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 21 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws . We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Warmest regards ! Dear Internet user , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our publication . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 301 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 87 DAYS . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience and how many people you know are on 
the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in California 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Professional ; We 
know you are interested in receiving red-hot news . 
This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 5 
, Section 308 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
43 DAYS . Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web and people love convenience . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 150% & 
increase customer response by 170% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Wyoming tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! You have no reason not to act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks ! Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our database 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 1 , Section 302 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 18 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Jones of Colorado tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We beseech you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Thanks ! Dear Friend ; We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot intelligence . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 , Section 
306 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 65 DAYS . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website and use credit cards on your 
website ! The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Maine tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" ! 
We are a BBB member in good standing . We beseech you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our briefing . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 5 , Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 98 months . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience & how many people you know 
are on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website & use credit cards on your website ! The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
who resides in Arizona tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 1 
, Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 86 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and how many people you know are on 
the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and decrease perceived waiting time by 100% 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Ohio 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do 
not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, Especially for you - this amazing news ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 5 
; Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 62 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in Oregon 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! For 
the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% . Best regards . Dear 
Friend , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our database ! If you are not interested in 
our publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 2 , Section 301 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 10 days . Have you ever 
noticed how many people you know are on the Internet 
and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell 
more plus use credit cards on your website . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Ms Ames of Utah tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks 
. Dear Business person , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our club ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2516 , Title 7 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 92 weeks . Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents plus 
most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 190% and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson who resides 
in New Mexico tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We are a BBB member in good standing . So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this cutting-edge announcement 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 5 ; Section 301 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 47 days . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and increase customer response by 140% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames 
who resides in Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! Do not delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off ! God Bless ! Dear Friend 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 
; Title 6 ; Section 305 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 42 weeks . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you sell 
more & deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of Tennessee tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Cheers 
! Dear Salaryman , You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our mailing list ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 9 ; Section 303 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 32 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
130% & increase customer response by 120% ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mr Simpson of Alaska tried us and says "I've been 
poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! You 
have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 50% . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Web surfer ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 
6 ; Section 303 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 97 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger & people love convenience ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We 
will help you use credit cards on your website & increase 
customer response by 110% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Prof Simpson who resides in South Carolina tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . Because the 
Internet operates on "Internet time" you must make 
a commitment soon . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 60% ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 
5 , Section 306 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 52 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster and nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson of North Dakota 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Sir or Madam , Especially for you - this amazing 
info ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 7 , Section 
301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 60 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone plus people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you sell more and sell more . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us . Prof Simpson who resides in Illinois tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . Don't delay - order today . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 ; Title 5 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 92 months . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience & nobody is getting any younger 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
160% and SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Virginia tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . This 
offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for your 
loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 70% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Web surfer ; This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 8 , Section 
303 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 55 days 
! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones who 
resides in Wisconsin tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Best regards ! Dear 
Salaryman , This letter was specially selected to be 
sent to you ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 , Title 3 ; Section 301 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 17 months ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 150% and use credit cards on your website ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones who resides in Alabama tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Internet user , Thank-you for your 
interest in our briefing ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 5 , Section 309 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 41 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell more 
and increase customer response by 140% ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides 
in New York tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states ! 
Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Warmest regards . Dear Colleague 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge announcement 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; 
Title 9 ; Section 307 . This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 58 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and how many people you know are on the 
Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of 
California tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
! Thanks . Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 3 ; Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 56 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more & sell more . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Alabama tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal 
! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 40% ! God Bless ! Dear Decision 
maker , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our database ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1624 , Title 6 , Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 74 DAYS . Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet plus more 
people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep and 
sell more ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Wisconsin tried us 
and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" . This offer is 100% legal . If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Warmest regards 
. Dear Salaryman , Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 3 ; Section 302 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 22 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 110% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Ames of 
Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
! We are a BBB member in good standing . You have no 
reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Best regards . Dear Friend , Thank-you for 
your interest in our briefing . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our directory . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 8 , Section 301 . This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 61 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Connecticut tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This 
offer is 100% legal . We implore you - act now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . God 
Bless ! Dear Web surfer , Especially for you - this 
red-hot announcement . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 7 , Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 28 days ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and nobody 
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you increase customer 
response by 150% and use credit cards on your website 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us . Mrs Jones who resides 
in Colorado tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% 
legal . We implore you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Cheers . Dear Sir 
or Madam ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 7 
; Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 44 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Delaware tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states . For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . Warmest regards ! Dear Friend ; You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our database 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; 
Title 4 ; Section 301 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 28 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 100% & increase customer response by 
160% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk ! But don't believe us . Mr Jones who 
resides in Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Best regards ! Dear 
Cybercitizen , Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 ; 
Title 3 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 23 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster & more people than ever 
are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Anderson of Maryland tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam ; 
We know you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 9 
, Section 308 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 59 days . Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 170% and process 
your orders within seconds . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in 
Maryland tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
! Thanks ! Dear Friend ; Especially for you - this 
breath-taking news ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 ; Title 2 , Section 303 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 11 days . Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & society 
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
increase customer response by 200% and SELL MORE . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Anderson of New York tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" . 
This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Best regards 
! Dear Web surfer ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our letter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1816 , Title 3 ; Section 
301 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 16 months 
. Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving 
faster and faster and nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE and increase customer 
response by 140% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in New Mexico tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . We IMPLORE you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% . Thanks ! Dear Friend ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 ; Title 4 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 36 days ! Have you ever noticed people 
are much more likely to BUY with a credit card than 
cash and the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus SELL MORE . The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! 
But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson of West Virginia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . If not for you then 
for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 60% . Cheers . Dear Internet 
user , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 
, Title 3 , Section 306 . This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 12 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger and most everyone has a cellphone 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
plus sell more ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames 
of Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order 
today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen , We know you 
are interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 9 , Section 301 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 13 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 140% 
& deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson of Indiana tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We implore 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Colleague ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
briefing ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 30 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Idaho tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . We BESEECH 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer . Dear Salaryman ; Especially for you - this 
hot information ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; 
Title 3 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 64 months ! Have you ever noticed more 
people than ever are surfing the web & most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you use credit cards on your 
website plus increase customer response by 180% ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones of South Carolina tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% . God Bless ! Dear 
Decision maker ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; 
Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 56 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger plus nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you process 
your orders within seconds plus deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of 
Iowa tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 80% . Thanks ! Dear Sir 
or Madam ; Especially for you - this red-hot news . 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 9 , Section 305 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 98 weeks ! Have you 
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you SELL MORE and SELL MORE . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Alaska 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do not delay - order 
today ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . Cheers . Dear Internet user , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 5 , Section 301 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL 
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 26 days . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you use credit cards on your website plus 
SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Ames who resides in Kentucky tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Cheers 
. Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our 
letter . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our database . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , 
Title 5 , Section 302 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 55 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed most 
everyone has a cellphone and people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you sell more plus decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones of 
Idaho tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing . Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks ! Dear Friend , You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 
4 ; Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 45 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger plus how many people you know are 
on the Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 140% 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
of Nevada tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal 
. For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Business person , 
Especially for you - this red-hot news ! We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 3 ; Section 
302 ! This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 29 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
plus people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 100% & sell more . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
of Arizona tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen ; We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot news . We will 
comply with all removal requests ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 7 
; Section 305 . This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 33 days ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
plus people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell more 
and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides 
in North Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our directory ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1626 ; Title 5 , Section 
305 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 24 WEEKS 
. Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Ms Ames 
who resides in Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% legal ! For 
the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
, Title 1 , Section 308 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 44 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% and process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Alabama 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! You will 
blame yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! God 
Bless . Dear Colleague , We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing information ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 9 
, Section 308 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 58 days ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and 
nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 190% & use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Jones who resides in North 
Carolina tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! You will blame yourself forever if you don't order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
40% ! Best regards . Dear Internet user ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our briefing ! If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 9 , Section 303 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 25 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 140% & sell more . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in 
New Jersey tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . For God's sake, order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . God Bless . Dear 
Sir or Madam ; This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 ; Title 3 , Section 304 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 60 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience & nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU process 
your orders within seconds & SELL MORE . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides 
in Idaho tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks . 
Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , 
Title 2 ; Section 304 ! This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 66 days . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds plus decrease perceived waiting time by 180% 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mrs Ames who resides in Michigan 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . We BESEECH you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
80% ! Thanks ! Dear Colleague , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our publication . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 1 ; Section 305 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 89 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents plus how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 150% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Prof Jones who resides in Florida tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! Do not go to sleep without 
ordering . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . This is 
a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 3 , Section 
303 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 46 weeks . Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet plus most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 190% and increase customer response by 150% ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Ms Jones 
who resides in Kentucky tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We beseech you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
amazing information . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 , Title 9 ; Section 302 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 73 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more and process your orders 
within seconds . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Ames of Illinois tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! Do 
not delay - order today . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Thanks . Dear Friend , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 3 , Section 
306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
25 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & sell more ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us ! Prof Jones of Oklahoma tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We implore you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
! Best regards . Dear Decision maker , You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 9 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 67 days . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. WE will help YOU SELL MORE plus sell more . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Anderson of Washington tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Decision maker 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our briefing . If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 5 ; Section 305 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 43 months . Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 140% & 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Anderson who resides in California tried us 
and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 
100% legal ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Colleague , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2316 , Title 5 , Section 309 . This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 55 days . Have you ever noticed 
society seems to be moving faster and faster & people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you use credit cards on your 
website and process your orders within seconds ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Ames of Illinois tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal ! You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now ! Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thanks . 
Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected to 
be sent to you . We will comply with all removal requests 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1619 , Title 2 ; Section 305 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 99 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website & deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Prof Ames of Florida tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! For the sake of your family order 
now . Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks 
! Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 2 ; Section 309 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 44 days ! Have you ever noticed how 
many people you know are on the Internet & people love 
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more and SELL MORE 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Jones of Wyoming tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . DO NOT DELAY - 
order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 ; Title 2 , Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 25 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell 
more plus process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson 
of Arizona tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" ! We are a BBB member in 
good standing ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Web surfer , You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 2 
; Section 304 ! This is not a get rich scheme ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
61 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of 
Tennessee tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear Decision 
maker ; Especially for you - this hot announcement 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
, Title 7 ; Section 309 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 50 days . Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills & people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 140% & decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Texas tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY 
- order today ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Best regards ! Dear Decision maker ; 
We know you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 9 ; Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 44 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed society 
seems to be moving faster and faster and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell more 
plus increase customer response by 160% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Simpson of Louisiana tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% ! Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam 
, We know you are interested in receiving amazing news 
. If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 3 , Section 309 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 45 
weeks . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 160% and increase customer response by 150% ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Ms Jones 
who resides in Michigan tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good 
standing . We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Business 
person ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 
5 ; Section 308 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 19 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people than 
ever are surfing the web & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you SELL MORE and process your orders 
within seconds . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Prof 
Simpson of Oklahoma tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Do not delay - order today ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . 
Thanks . Dear Business person , We know you are interested 
in receiving breath-taking news ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 303 . This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
53 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use 
credit cards on your website and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 130% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
who resides in Rhode Island tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Best 
regards . Dear Internet user ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 9 , Section 
305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 47 days 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 150% and decrease perceived waiting time by 
200% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson of 
Florida tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! For the sake 
of your family order now . Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! God Bless ! Dear Professional ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking intelligence . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2116 , Title 1 , Section 309 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 54 days . Have 
you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines plus people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and increase 
customer response by 140% ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Louisiana 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Cheers . Dear Friend ; You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our database 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 , Title 4 ; Section 306 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 39 
days . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase 
customer response by 190% and process your orders within 
seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Massachusetts 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen ; We know you 
are interested in receiving red-hot announcement . 
We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 1 , Section 305 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 15 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone plus how many people you know are on the 
Internet . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you use credit cards on your website 
plus use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Jones who resides in Kentucky tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our newsletter . We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , Title 5 
, Section 301 . This is different than anything else 
you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 41 days ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash and more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
. We will help you decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% plus increase customer response by 140% . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
of Idaho tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal 
! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Cheers ! 
Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ; 
Title 4 , Section 301 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 79 DAYS . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger plus most everyone has a cellphone 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson of Montana 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . We IMPLORE you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% ! Cheers . Dear Colleague ; We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence ! 
If you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 4 , Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 90 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you use credit cards on your website plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson 
who resides in Ohio tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! Don't delay - order today . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this red-hot news 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 4 
, Section 308 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 26 months . Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 160% ! 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! 
DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Salaryman , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 ; Title 7 , Section 304 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 62 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . We will help you 
process your orders within seconds plus sell more ! 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides 
in Pennsylvania tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! Don't delay - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% 
. Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Business person ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 , Title 3 ; Section 301 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 29 months ! 
Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you sell more & sell more . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Anderson 
who resides in Hawaii tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 20% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Decision maker ; Especially for you 
- this red-hot announcement ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 , Title 2 ; Section 303 ! THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 98 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more and SELL MORE 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson 
of Oklahoma tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards ! Dear 
Colleague ; Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , 
Title 6 ; Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 96 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & the baby boomers are 
more demanding than their parents . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU decrease 
perceived waiting time by 170% & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Simpson who resides in Georgia tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! Do not go to sleep 
without ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1619 ; Title 6 , Section 305 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 59 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus most everyone has 
a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and increase customer response by 160% ! You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of North Dakota tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! For 
the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% ! Best regards ! Dear 
Friend , You made the right decision when you signed 
up for our mailing list . If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1625 ; Title 6 ; Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 59 days . Have 
you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & most 
everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL MORE 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Prof Ames 
who resides in Indiana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . DO NOT DELAY - order today 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Best regards ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2216 ; Title 4 ; Section 307 . This is 
a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 46 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills and nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and increase customer response 
by 110% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
. But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal . Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must make 
a commitment soon . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Business person , Thank-you for 
your interest in our publication ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 1 ; Section 
303 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
55 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people will do almost 
anything to avoid mailing their bills & most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you sell more plus use credit 
cards on your website . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in Washington tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Thanks ! Dear Sir or Madam 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list ! We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1623 , Title 3 ; Section 309 . THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 19 WEEKS ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you increase 
customer response by 130% and deliver goods right to 
the customer's doorstep . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Jones who 
resides in Kansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off ! Thanks . Dear Salaryman , We know you 
are interested in receiving cutting-edge information 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 2 
; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 87 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 160% 
and process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Jones of Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing ! Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1618 , Title 3 
; Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 80 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger and people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 160% plus increase customer response by 
130% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of 
New Jersey tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws ! We beseech you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too . Thanks ! Dear Decision maker , Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our letter ! We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2016 ; Title 9 ; Section 306 ! This is not a get 
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 33 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 160% & decrease 
perceived waiting time by 120% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
who resides in Pennsylvania tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! You have no reason not to act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2516 ; Title 9 , Section 303 . This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 36 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people 
love convenience and how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU sell more & sell more . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Simpson who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! For God's sake, order now ! Sign 
up a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Cheers 
! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our club . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1625 , Title 3 ; Section 303 ! This is different than 
anything else you've seen . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 98 days ! Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
and more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you use credit cards on your website and use credit 
cards on your website . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Prof Jones who resides in Indiana tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! So make 
yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Thanks 
. Dear Friend , Especially for you - this amazing announcement 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 ; Title 
2 ; Section 303 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 84 days ! Have you ever noticed people are much 
more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash and 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU increase customer response by 120% 
and SELL MORE . The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Idaho tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% ! Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our publication . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 3 , Section 303 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 46 months . 
Have you ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone 
and nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you sell 
more and decrease perceived waiting time by 150% ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Simpson of Missouri tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Don't delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen 
; Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our publication . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 2 , Section 305 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 97 
days . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus how many people you know are on the Internet 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% and decrease perceived waiting time by 140% . 
You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the 
risk . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Kansas 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states . We 
beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off ! Best regards . Dear E-Commerce professional 
; Thank-you for your interest in our briefing ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 1 , Section 
302 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 51 days . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you process your orders within 
seconds and sell more . The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson of Florida tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! DO NOT 
DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thanks ! Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this amazing information . This is a one 
time mailing there is no need to request removal if 
you won't want any more . This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 2 , Section 
306 . This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 59 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
plus people love convenience ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and use credit cards on your website . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Prof Jones who resides in Kentucky tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 20% . Thanks . Dear Web 
surfer , Especially for you - this cutting-edge announcement 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , 
Title 8 ; Section 307 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 10 months ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster & nobody is getting 
any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus increase 
customer response by 110% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of Arkansas tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
20% ! God Bless ! Dear Friend ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 , Section 302 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 97 days . Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you use credit 
cards on your website and sell more ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in New Jersey tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
. Best regards . Dear Sir or Madam , Especially for 
you - this amazing information . We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1816 , Title 7 , Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 46 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and use credit cards on 
your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . DO 
NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . Thanks . Dear Internet user , Especially 
for you - this amazing announcement . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 
; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 35 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed society seems 
to be moving faster and faster plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
180% & decrease perceived waiting time by 160% ! The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson 
of Arkansas tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . Do not delay - order today ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 70% ! 
God Bless . Dear Cybercitizen ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you ! If you no longer wish 
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our club ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 ; Title 2 , Section 302 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 42 days . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Rhode 
Island tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been 
rich - rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good 
standing . If not for you then for your loved ones 
- act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off . 
Thanks . Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2716 , Title 3 , Section 307 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 72 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and most everyone has 
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% and sell more . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Prof Anderson of Rhode Island tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! Because 
the Internet operates on "Internet time" you must hurry 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
newsletter . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 6 ; Section 
302 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
23 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU use credit cards on your 
website & use credit cards on your website ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Ms Jones of New Jersey tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . DO 
NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% ! Cheers . Dear Friend ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our publication . We will comply 
with all removal requests . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 6 , Section 
307 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich within 
61 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web plus the baby boomers are more 
demanding than their parents ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and process your orders 
within seconds ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Ames who resides in Arkansas tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! Do not delay 
- order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% . Best regards . Dear Friend ; We know you are 
interested in receiving amazing announcement ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 3 , Section 
304 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 23 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on 
television has a .com on in it & people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and use credit cards on your website . The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides 
in New Jersey tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! We IMPLORE you - act now ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% ! 
God Bless . Dear Colleague , We know you are interested 
in receiving cutting-edge announcement ! This is a 
one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 2 ; Section 
308 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 81 weeks . Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone and people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and process your orders within seconds ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson who resides in Connecticut tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states . Don't 
delay - order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get 
a discount of 60% . God Bless . Dear Professional , 
You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2416 , Title 2 ; Section 301 ! This is not multi-level 
marketing ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 36 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you use credit cards 
on your website & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Ames of Colorado tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Best regards . Dear Sir or 
Madam , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 4 , Section 
306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 76 months 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and more people than ever are surfing the web ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
increase customer response by 150% . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames who resides in Oregon tried us and says "I 
was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! We BESEECH you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Cheers ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1625 , Title 9 ; Section 303 ! This is 
not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 88 MONTHS . Have 
you ever noticed people will do almost anything to 
avoid mailing their bills and more people than ever 
are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you . But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson of West Virginia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" . We are a BBB member in good standing . 
We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 30% . Warmest regards . Dear Friend 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2316 , 
Title 9 , Section 309 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 14 days ! Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet & nobody 
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS and sell more . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Jones of South Carolina tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . So make yourself 
rich now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thanks ! Dear Friend 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1622 , Title 1 , Section 
301 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 54 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep & increase customer 
response by 160% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of Illinois 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Friend , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , 
Title 2 ; Section 304 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 43 days . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone & nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you SELL 
MORE and increase customer response by 160% . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Anderson who resides in Hawaii tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal . We implore you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Warmest regards ! Dear Internet user , Especially 
for you - this breath-taking announcement ! If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 9 
, Section 301 . This is not multi-level marketing . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 27 days ! Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and people will do 
almost anything to avoid mailing their bills ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you sell more & process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Rhode 
Island tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been 
rich - rich is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% . 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Salaryman , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , 
Title 2 ; Section 306 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 77 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it and more people than 
ever are surfing the web . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 110% & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Prof Ames who 
resides in Arkansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! If not for 
you then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a 
friend and you'll get a discount of 10% . Cheers ! 
Dear Colleague ; Especially for you - this amazing 
information . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 7 ; Section 302 ! This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich in 97 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
and most everyone has a cellphone . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you increase 
customer response by 120% and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 180% . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames 
who resides in Illinois tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . For the sake of your family 
order now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Best regards ! Dear Friend , We know you 
are interested in receiving amazing information ! We 
will comply with all removal requests ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; Title 
9 , Section 305 ! This is different than anything else 
you've seen . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 53 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed 
people will do almost anything to avoid mailing their 
bills plus nearly every commercial on television has 
a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds & use credit cards on your website ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames of Delaware tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing . We urge you to contact us today 
for your own future financial well-being . Sign up 
a friend and your friend will be rich too . Warmest 
regards . Dear Decision maker ; We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot news ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our mailing list . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 , Section 309 ! THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 87 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson 
of Wyoming tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . God Bless . Dear Friend , We know 
you are interested in receiving cutting-edge news . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 302 . This is not a get rich scheme 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 93 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it & nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of North 
Dakota tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . God Bless ! Dear Salaryman , We know 
you are interested in receiving amazing intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 5 
, Section 302 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 64 months . Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you SELL 
MORE and use credit cards on your website ! You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson of Hawaii tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Cheers . Dear Colleague ; Especially 
for you - this breath-taking intelligence ! We will 
comply with all removal requests . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , Title 6 
, Section 308 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 28 days ! Have you ever noticed the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds plus increase customer response by 170% . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Louisiana tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! For God's sake, order now 
. Sign up a friend and you get half off . Thanks ! 
Dear Internet user , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 4 , Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal ! Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 48 WEEKS . Have you ever 
noticed nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it plus people love convenience ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU use credit cards on your website and sell 
more . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . 
But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in 
North Dakota tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 30% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Professional ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1627 , Title 5 ; Section 305 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich within 20 days ! Have you ever 
noticed nobody is getting any younger and most everyone 
has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & decrease perceived waiting time 
by 160% ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Jones 
of Kentucky tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . This offer is 100% legal ! You 
have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Business person , Especially for 
you - this amazing news . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2616 , Title 5 , Section 304 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 43 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and sell more ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Mrs Jones who resides in Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal 
. For God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 90% . Warmest regards ! Dear 
Friend , Especially for you - this red-hot announcement 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 
7 , Section 304 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 37 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 200% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! You have no reason not 
to act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Salaryman , Especially for you 
- this breath-taking intelligence . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our directory . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 3 ; Section 
302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 29 
days . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep and deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Nevada tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 70% ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
; Title 7 ; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich in 11 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web and how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS and turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Nevada 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend and 
your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Internet user ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge intelligence ! If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 2 
; Section 304 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam 
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 59 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and people love convenience . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you increase customer response by 130% & turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames who 
resides in Louisiana tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! This offer is 100% legal . 
So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! 
Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam ; We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot announcement ! We will comply 
with all removal requests ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 5 , Section 
306 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 33 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in Texas 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! This offer is 100% legal . We IMPLORE 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 10% . Thanks . Dear Decision maker ; Thank-you for 
your interest in our briefing ! We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 , Title 9 ; Section 309 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 33 months ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & people love convenience ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
plus SELL MORE ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Ames who resides in Maine tried us 
and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all states 
. You have no reason not to act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Warmest regards 
. Dear Professional ; We know you are interested in 
receiving red-hot news . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our directory 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1618 , Title 2 , Section 308 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 34 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus more people than ever are 
surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds & use credit cards on your website . You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides in Pennsylvania 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Web surfer ; We 
know you are interested in receiving red-hot intelligence 
. We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; 
Title 3 , Section 304 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 34 weeks . Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
& how many people you know are on the Internet ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you increase customer response by 140% and sell 
more ! The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe us 
. Mr Ames of North Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states . You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Internet user ; We 
know you are interested in receiving red-hot info . 
We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; 
Title 5 ; Section 301 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 43 days . Have you ever noticed people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills and 
most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived 
waiting time by 120% and increase customer response 
by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Tennessee tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! God Bless ! Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 , Title 4 , Section 304 ! THIS IS 
NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 96 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of Rhode 
Island tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things 
are possible" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! Because the Internet operates on "Internet time" 
you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Warmest regards 
. Dear Friend , You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 ; Title 8 ; Section 305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 55 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
and people love convenience . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Prof Jones who resides in Colorado 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Cheers ! Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our publication . We will comply with all removal 
requests . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1627 , Title 4 , Section 307 ! This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 36 days ! Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU sell more & process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames of Indiana tried us and says "I've been 
poor and I've been rich - rich is better" . This offer 
is 100% legal ! If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear E-Commerce professional ; Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2216 ; Title 6 , Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 38 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed how 
long the line-ups are at bank machines and people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and decrease 
perceived waiting time by 140% . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Jones of Louisiana tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This offer 
is 100% legal . DO NOT DELAY - order today . Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear 
E-Commerce professional ; Your email address has been 
submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 ; 
Title 5 ; Section 305 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 28 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone plus more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU SELL MORE 
plus decrease perceived waiting time by 150% . You 
are guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Prof Jones of Vermont tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Web surfer , Thank-you 
for your interest in our letter ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 6 , Section 306 ! This 
is different than anything else you've seen ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 48 
DAYS ! Have you ever noticed people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash & people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
140% & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us ! Mr Jones of Illinois tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . If not for you 
then for your loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Business 
person ; Thank-you for your interest in our letter 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; 
Title 1 ; Section 301 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 55 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 170% and 
use credit cards on your website ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Mrs Anderson of New Jersey tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. If not for you then for your loved ones - act now 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Friend ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you . This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
; Title 4 , Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 71 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and SELL MORE . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Ames who resides in Nebraska tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . God Bless . Dear Professional , 
Thank-you for your interest in our publication . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1621 ; Title 1 , Section 306 ! This 
is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 49 MONTHS ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% and increase customer response by 120% 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us ! Mrs Jones of Texas tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . If not for you then 
for your LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Cheers . Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge information . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 6 
, Section 301 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 57 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! We will help you SELL MORE plus use credit cards 
on your website . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson who resides 
in Nebraska tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more 
things are possible" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states ! If not for you then for your loved ones 
- act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Best regards . Dear Professional , You made 
the right decision when you signed up for our mailing 
list ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 
; Title 3 ; Section 307 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich in 38 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed the 
baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
plus most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU turn 
your business into an E-BUSINESS plus SELL MORE ! You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones of Connecticut tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . If not for you then for your loved 
ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Warmest regards . Dear Salaryman , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you no 
longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2016 , Title 1 , Section 
309 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 61 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web & nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS plus deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson 
of North Dakota tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Do not go to sleep without ordering 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Best regards . Dear Friend , This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1622 ; Title 8 , Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 36 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 140% 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Jones 
of Alaska tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We beseech you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 10% ! Cheers . Dear Salaryman 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge info . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 2 , Section 
304 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich within 60 weeks 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
and people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more & SELL MORE . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Ames 
of North Dakota tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all states . 
We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Thanks . Dear Professional 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you ! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 
; Title 2 , Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich as few as 68 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
and more people than ever are surfing the web . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
& SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us ! Mr Jones 
who resides in Alaska tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states ! DO NOT DELAY - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you get half off . Warmest regards 
. Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our database . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 7 , Section 
302 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 81 
weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and nearly every commercial on television has a .com 
on in it ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% & increase customer response by 170% . 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson 
of Indiana tried us and says "I've been poor and I've 
been rich - rich is better" . This offer is 100% legal 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . God Bless . Dear Professional 
; Especially for you - this amazing news . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 , Title 3 ; Section 309 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 63 months ! 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and more people than ever are surfing the web 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you increase customer response by 150% 
plus process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Ames who resides in North Dakota tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100% 
legal ! You will blame yourself forever if you don't 
order now . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
. Dear Decision maker ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2416 , Title 6 , Section 304 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 24 days ! Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience and more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer 
response by 170% and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Jones who resides 
in Hawaii tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . So make yourself rich now by ordering 
immediately ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! God Bless ! Dear Friend , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 , Title 9 , Section 309 . This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 76 months ! 
Have you ever noticed people love convenience & people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU SELL MORE & turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin at absolutely no 
cost to you . But don't believe us ! Ms Ames who resides 
in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm rich many 
more things are possible" . We are a BBB member in 
good standing . You have no reason not to act now . 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our 
briefing ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 
, Title 3 , Section 305 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 58 days ! Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you sell more & use credit cards on your 
website ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we 
take all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
who resides in West Virginia tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws ! You have no reason not 
to act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1626 ; Title 1 , Section 308 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 49 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process 
your orders within seconds plus SELL MORE . You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Simpson who resides in 
Arkansas tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states ! We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . God Bless . Dear Friend , Especially 
for you - this cutting-edge news ! We will comply with 
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 7 ; Section 306 ! This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich inside 73 weeks . Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
nobody is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU sell more 
and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Simpson of Mississippi 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% ! Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Friend , 
We know you are interested in receiving cutting-edge 
info . If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
, Title 5 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich as few as 86 days ! Have you ever noticed 
people are much more likely to BUY with a credit card 
than cash & people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and increase customer response by 170% ! 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Jones who resides in New Mexico tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws . For 
God's sake, order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Warmest regards ! Dear Professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2116 , 
Title 3 , Section 309 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 61 weeks ! Have you ever 
noticed the baby boomers are more demanding than their 
parents plus most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
decrease perceived waiting time by 110% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of Colorado 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We IMPLORE you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen 
, Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our newsletter . We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1623 , Title 9 , Section 301 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 75 WEEKS ! 
Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster & nobody is getting any younger . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you decrease perceived waiting time by 160% & 
process your orders within seconds . You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us . Ms Anderson who resides in Kansas tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure 
you that we operate within all applicable laws ! Do 
not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Internet 
user ; Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 2 
; Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 65 months . Have you ever noticed nobody is 
getting any younger and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
and use credit cards on your website ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames of Oklahoma tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half 
off ! Best regards . Dear Salaryman ; We know you are 
interested in receiving cutting-edge info ! If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 5 ; Section 309 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 69 
MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed how many people you 
know are on the Internet and nobody is getting any 
younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and process your orders within seconds . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames 
of Illinois tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to 
operate in all states ! So make yourself rich now by 
ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer . Dear Friend ; We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot announcement 
. If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 9 , Section 305 . This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 10 MONTHS . Have you ever 
noticed society seems to be moving faster and faster 
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing 
their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and SELL MORE . You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us . 
Prof Ames who resides in West Virginia tried us and 
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . We beseech 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off 
. Cheers ! Dear Colleague ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2416 , Title 4 ; Section 305 . This is not a get rich 
scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 89 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will help 
you SELL MORE plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Mr Simpson of West 
Virginia tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . We BESEECH you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you get half off . Best regards ! Dear 
Web surfer ; We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge announcement ! If you no longer wish to 
receive our publications simply reply with a Subject: 
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from 
our database . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1916 ; Title 1 ; Section 307 . This 
is not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich within 27 months ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and society 
seems to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
decrease perceived waiting time by 180% and process 
your orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who 
resides in Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, 
Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . For the sake 
of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! God Bless . Dear Friend ; 
Especially for you - this red-hot announcement ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2316 ; Title 1 ; Section 
306 . This is not multi-level marketing . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 66 days 
! Have you ever noticed people are much more likely 
to BUY with a credit card than cash and people are 
much more likely to BUY with a credit card than cash 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
& turn your business into an E-BUSINESS ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Ms Simpson of Delaware tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . For the sake of 
your family order now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 40% . Warmest regards ! Dear Colleague 
; You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our directory . If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 , Title 9 , Section 306 . This is not multi-level 
marketing . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 16 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & people 
will do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
and sell more ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Jones who resides in California tried 
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich 
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws . We beseech you - act now ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 50% . God Bless 
. Dear Decision maker ; We know you are interested 
in receiving amazing announcement ! If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our club ! This mail is being sent in 
compliance with Senate bill 1625 , Title 4 , Section 
309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich inside 34 
months . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any 
younger plus society seems to be moving faster and 
faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you sell more plus process your 
orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in Connecticut tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . You will blame yourself forever 
if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! Cheers ! Dear Professional 
; This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . We will comply with all removal requests ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 
; Title 6 ; Section 306 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich in 47 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you increase customer response 
by 130% and decrease perceived waiting time by 150% 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson of 
New Jersey tried us and says "My only problem now is 
where to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal 
! So make yourself rich now by ordering immediately 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% 
. Warmest regards . Dear Colleague ; We know you are 
interested in receiving red-hot intelligence . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 ; Title 6 , Section 
308 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 12 weeks ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has 
a cellphone plus how many people you know are on the 
Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you use credit cards on your website 
& use credit cards on your website . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
! Mrs Anderson who resides in Georgia tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! For the sake 
of your family order now ! Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . God Bless . Dear Friend , 
Your email address has been submitted to us indicating 
your interest in our letter . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1618 , Title 1 , Section 306 . This is 
NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 79 WEEKS . Have you 
ever noticed how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
plus how long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS and 
deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . The 
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson 
who resides in Virginia tried us and says "I've been 
poor and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states . We urge you to 
contact us today for your own future financial well-being 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks ! Dear Salaryman ; This letter was specially 
selected to be sent to you . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1620 , Title 1 , Section 303 . This is 
a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 83 WEEKS ! Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone & nobody 
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you process your 
orders within seconds and process your orders within 
seconds . The best thing about our system is that it 
is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Simpson who resides in North Dakota tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Decision maker ; This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you are not 
interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 ; Title 1 ; Section 303 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 44 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Ames 
who resides in Vermont tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws ! We beseech 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Best regards ! Dear Colleague ; We know 
you are interested in receiving red-hot news ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1816 ; Title 5 , Section 
305 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for 
somebody else when you can become rich inside 88 days 
! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger 
& people are much more likely to BUY with a credit 
card than cash . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and decrease perceived 
waiting time by 200% . You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames of 
New Hampshire tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . We implore you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . God Bless ! Dear 
Friend ; Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our newsletter . If you 
are not interested in our publications and wish to 
be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond and 
ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2216 , Title 3 , Section 303 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 37 months . 
Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster & most everyone has a cellphone . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU process your orders within seconds and deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Prof Ames who resides in Alaska tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 60% . Best regards . Dear Business 
person , Your email address has been submitted to us 
indicating your interest in our newsletter . If you 
no longer wish to receive our publications simply reply 
with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our directory . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 8 
, Section 305 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
48 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger & the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 100% and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk . But don't believe 
us . Mr Anderson who resides in Montana tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
! This offer is 100% legal . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately ! Sign up a friend and 
you get half off ! Warmest regards . Dear Sir or Madam 
, Especially for you - this red-hot news ! If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1816 , Title 2 ; Section 308 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 41 weeks . Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it plus the baby boomers are more demanding than 
their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 150% plus use credit cards on your website . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Ms Ames of Maryland tried us and says 
"I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of 
our offer ! Dear Salaryman ; Your email address has 
been submitted to us indicating your interest in our 
briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 9 ; Section 
304 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
54 months . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial 
on television has a .com on in it plus society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you use 
credit cards on your website and sell more ! You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Jones who resides in Wyoming tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing ! DO NOT DELAY - order 
today . Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich 
too ! Warmest regards ! Dear Web surfer ; Your email 
address has been submitted to us indicating your interest 
in our newsletter ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1625 ; Title 2 ; Section 309 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 54 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus how many people you know are on the Internet 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you SELL MORE plus turn your business 
into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about our system 
is that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in Hawaii tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! We IMPLORE you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% 
! Best regards ! Dear Sir or Madam , Thank-you for 
your interest in our newsletter ! This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 , Title 9 , Section 308 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
94 WEEKS . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines plus people love convenience . 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . We 
will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep plus SELL MORE . You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mrs Jones who resides in Rhode Island tried us and 
says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich is better" 
. This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your loved ones - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 80% . Thanks . Dear E-Commerce professional 
, You made the right decision when you signed up for 
our mailing list ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1621 ; Title 6 , Section 301 . THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 75 days . Have you ever noticed 
more people than ever are surfing the web & the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE plus turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely no cost to 
you ! But don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides 
in West Virginia tried us and says "I've been poor 
and I've been rich - rich is better" ! We assure you 
that we operate within all applicable laws ! For the 
sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend and 
you get half off . Thanks . Dear Sir or Madam ; Especially 
for you - this red-hot news . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2016 ; Title 7 ; Section 305 ! Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists . Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich in 35 days 
! Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines plus the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU process your orders within 
seconds and deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames 
who resides in Louisiana tried us and says "My only 
problem now is where to park all my cars" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . So make yourself rich 
now by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 10% ! God Bless ! Dear Colleague 
, Especially for you - this red-hot info . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2516 ; Title 2 , Section 301 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 25 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web plus people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & use credit cards on your website 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of Mississippi tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We IMPLORE you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
. Thanks . Dear Friend , Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1620 , 
Title 8 , Section 303 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet 
scam artists . Why work for somebody else when you 
can become rich in 97 days . Have you ever noticed 
how many people you know are on the Internet plus nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
We will help you sell more and deliver goods right 
to the customer's doorstep ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us . Mr Jones who resides in Indiana tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We assure you that we 
operate within all applicable laws . You will blame 
yourself forever if you don't order now . Sign up a 
friend and you get half off ! God Bless . Dear Decision 
maker , This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 
; Title 6 ; Section 307 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 46 months ! Have you ever noticed nobody 
is getting any younger plus people love convenience 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & decrease perceived waiting time by 200% 
! The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson 
of Delaware tried us and says "My only problem now 
is where to park all my cars" . We assure you that 
we operate within all applicable laws . You have no 
reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . Best regards ! Dear Web surfer , Especially 
for you - this amazing news ! If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2016 , Title 1 ; Section 304 . Do NOT confuse us with 
Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 10 DAYS . Have you ever 
noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus people will 
do almost anything to avoid mailing their bills . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you use credit cards on your website and process 
your orders within seconds . You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Simpson of North Carolina tried us and says 
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
. This offer is 100% legal . If not for you then for 
your LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 50% . God Bless . Dear Sir or Madam 
; Thank-you for your interest in our newsletter ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1624 , Title 5 ; Section 307 . THIS 
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich as few as 39 DAYS . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone and how 
many people you know are on the Internet . Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help 
YOU process your orders within seconds plus process 
your orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson 
of Massachusetts tried us and says "I was skeptical 
but it worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate 
within all applicable laws . We implore you - act now 
! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! God Bless ! Dear Friend ; You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list ! This is a 
one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 8 , Section 
302 . This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 58 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience plus nobody is getting any younger ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you SELL MORE and increase customer response by 
170% . You are guaranteed to succeed because we take 
all the risk ! But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of 
Ohio tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states 
! We urge you to contact us today for your own future 
financial well-being . Sign up a friend and your friend 
will be rich too . Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer . Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the right 
decision when you signed up for our mailing list ! 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 , Title 1 
; Section 309 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 55 months ! Have you ever noticed how long the 
line-ups are at bank machines & people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and sell more ! The best thing about our system is 
that it is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Jones who resides in Oklahoma tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
. We are a BBB member in good standing ! We implore 
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 90% ! Thanks ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our briefing ! If you are not interested in our publications 
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT 
respond and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 6 ; Section 
303 . This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 38 DAYS . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web and nobody is getting 
any younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus sell more ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't 
believe us ! Ms Anderson who resides in Arkansas tried 
us and says "My only problem now is where to park all 
my cars" . We are a BBB member in good standing ! We 
urge you to contact us today for your own future financial 
well-being . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 40% . Cheers ! Dear Cybercitizen ; You made the 
right decision when you signed up for our mailing list 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our directory . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; 
Title 9 , Section 307 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk 
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich within 68 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
plus how many people you know are on the Internet ! 
Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We 
will help you use credit cards on your website and 
process your orders within seconds ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you ! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of New Hampshire 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are 
a BBB member in good standing . DO NOT DELAY - order 
today . Sign up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks 
! Dear Sir or Madam ; You made the right decision when 
you signed up for our club . We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 3 , Section 309 . Do 
NOT confuse us with Internet scam artists ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich within 48 
weeks ! Have you ever noticed more people than ever 
are surfing the web & people will do almost anything 
to avoid mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep plus deliver goods 
right to the customer's doorstep ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Delaware tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" 
. We are licensed to operate in all states . We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 50% ! God Bless . Dear Salaryman ; Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 1 , Section 305 ! Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 63 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience and the baby 
boomers are more demanding than their parents . Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU SELL MORE plus use credit cards on your website 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in West 
Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% 
! Thanks ! Dear Professional , Thank-you for your interest 
in our newsletter . If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1621 , 
Title 4 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 49 weeks . Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
and most everyone has a cellphone ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep & turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
. But don't believe us ! Ms Jones of Kentucky tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer 
is 100% legal . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too . Cheers ! Dear Sir or Madam 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge news . This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 4 , Section 
308 . This is not multi-level marketing ! Why work 
for somebody else when you can become rich as few as 
32 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone has a 
cellphone and people love convenience . Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and process your orders within seconds . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Wisconsin tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are a BBB 
member in good standing . So make yourself rich now 
by ordering immediately . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! God Bless . Dear Friend , 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge news ! This 
is a one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 1 , Section 
302 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich inside 
83 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents and nobody is 
getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS & turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides in Connecticut 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! Do not go to sleep without ordering 
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
. Thanks . Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest 
in our briefing ! If you are not interested in our 
publications and wish to be removed from our lists, 
simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 9 ; Section 302 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich as few as 25 days ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and nearly 
every commercial on television has a .com on in it 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep & process your orders within seconds . You 
can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in Arkansas tried 
us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are possible" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . If not for you then for your loved ones - act 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
10% ! Thanks . Dear Friend , We know you are interested 
in receiving red-hot info . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail ! 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
1816 ; Title 5 ; Section 301 . This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 12 days . Have you ever noticed 
people love convenience and nobody is getting any younger 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this . 
WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website plus 
decrease perceived waiting time by 170% . The best 
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk 
free for you ! But don't believe us . Prof Jones of 
Arkansas tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
. We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and your 
friend will be rich too ! Warmest regards . Dear Friend 
, We know you are interested in receiving amazing announcement 
! If you no longer wish to receive our publications 
simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will 
immediately be removed from our mailing list . This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 
; Title 9 ; Section 308 ! THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 17 weeks . Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups 
are at bank machines & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you SELL MORE & decrease perceived 
waiting time by 150% ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk . But don't believe us 
! Prof Anderson of Connecticut tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . This offer is 100% legal . 
You have no reason not to act now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . Dear Decision 
maker ; This letter was specially selected to be sent 
to you ! This is a one time mailing there is no need 
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This 
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 
, Title 3 , Section 301 ! This is different than anything 
else you've seen . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 34 days . Have you ever 
noticed nearly every commercial on television has a 
.com on in it plus people are much more likely to BUY 
with a credit card than cash ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use credit 
cards on your website and sell more ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Oklahoma 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member in good standing 
! We BESEECH you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 20% ! God Bless . Dear Business person 
, We know you are interested in receiving hot information 
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , 
Title 2 ; Section 306 ! This is not multi-level marketing 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 99 weeks ! Have you ever noticed people love convenience 
& nobody is getting any younger . Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep plus increase 
customer response by 160% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Connecticut tried us and says "I've been poor and 
I've been rich - rich is better" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . You will blame yourself 
forever if you don't order now . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 40% ! Thank-you for your serious 
consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; We know 
you are interested in receiving cutting-edge intelligence 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1623 ; Title 4 
, Section 308 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail . 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
inside 58 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus more people than ever are surfing 
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . WE will help YOU increase customer response 
by 160% and decrease perceived waiting time by 100% 
. The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Anderson 
of Virginia tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - 
act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount 
of 60% ! Thanks . Dear Internet user ; Especially for 
you - this amazing news . We will comply with all removal 
requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 2716 , Title 9 , Section 302 . This is 
not a get rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 99 weeks . Have you 
ever noticed most everyone has a cellphone plus nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you increase customer 
response by 110% and increase customer response by 
150% ! The best thing about our system is that it is 
absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe us 
! Mr Anderson of Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm 
rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! For the sake of your family order now ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thanks 
! Dear Friend ; We know you are interested in receiving 
red-hot announcement ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1620 , Title 5 ; Section 303 . This is not a get 
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 57 DAYS ! Have you ever noticed 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines & nobody 
is getting any younger . Well, now is your chance to 
capitalize on this . We will help you decrease perceived 
waiting time by 140% and SELL MORE ! You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us 
. Prof Anderson who resides in Nebraska tried us and 
says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are 
licensed to operate in all states ! We implore you 
- act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will be 
rich too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration 
of our offer ! Dear Web surfer , Your email address 
has been submitted to us indicating your interest in 
our newsletter ! If you no longer wish to receive our 
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our database 
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2616 , Title 4 , Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited 
bulk mail . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 40 days ! Have you ever noticed 
most everyone has a cellphone and more people than 
ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU sell more 
plus use credit cards on your website ! You are guaranteed 
to succeed because we take all the risk . But don't 
believe us ! Prof Ames who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to 
park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! Don't delay - order today . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 60% . Cheers . Dear Friend 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
! We will comply with all removal requests . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2516 ; 
Title 1 , Section 307 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
as few as 98 days . Have you ever noticed how many 
people you know are on the Internet and more people 
than ever are surfing the web ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response 
by 160% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides in 
Idaho tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . We are licensed to operate in 
all states . Because the Internet operates on "Internet 
time" you must make a commitment soon ! Sign up a friend 
and you get half off ! God Bless . Dear Salaryman , 
Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence . If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 6 , Section 303 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 16 days . Have 
you ever noticed people love convenience plus people 
love convenience ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you turn your business into 
an E-BUSINESS and increase customer response by 150% 
. You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Wisconsin 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are 
a BBB member in good standing . Because the Internet 
operates on "Internet time" you must act now . Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . Warmest regards 
. Dear Decision maker , This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1622 ; Title 7 ; Section 302 ! This is different 
than anything else you've seen ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 28 MONTHS . Have you 
ever noticed more people than ever are surfing the 
web plus society seems to be moving faster and faster 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
We will help you decrease perceived waiting time by 
120% plus use credit cards on your website ! You are 
guaranteed to succeed because we take all the risk 
! But don't believe us . Mrs Simpson who resides in 
Wyoming tried us and says "My only problem now is where 
to park all my cars" . This offer is 100% legal . For 
the sake of your family order now ! Sign up a friend 
and your friend will be rich too . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ; 
Especially for you - this cutting-edge information 
! If you are not interested in our publications and 
wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1620 ; Title 1 , Section 306 . This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 89 days ! Have 
you ever noticed society seems to be moving faster 
and faster and people are much more likely to BUY with 
a credit card than cash . Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! We will help you turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS and process your orders 
within seconds . You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you . But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson who resides 
in Pennsylvania tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" ! We are a BBB member 
in good standing . Do not delay - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% ! Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
E-Commerce professional , Thank-you for your interest 
in our newsletter ! If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing 
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 , Title 2 , Section 309 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 25 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed more people than ever are surfing 
the web and people will do almost anything to avoid 
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you sell more and SELL MORE 
! You are guaranteed to succeed because we take all 
the risk . But don't believe us ! Ms Anderson of Texas 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" . We are a BBB member in good standing 
. Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend 
and you get half off . Warmest regards ! Dear Salaryman 
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to 
you . This is a one time mailing there is no need to 
request removal if you won't want any more . This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , 
Title 7 ; Section 301 . This is a ligitimate business 
proposal . Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich within 39 DAYS . Have you ever noticed 
nobody is getting any younger and how many people you 
know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU increase customer 
response by 130% and deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you 
! But don't believe us ! Mr Ames of New Jersey tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! This offer is 100% legal ! Don't delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60% 
! Thanks ! 